sony 5500 vs panny 55 vs pio 51fd .
i 'm looking to buy my first blue-ray player as the supply of hd-dvd rental disks is getting slim .
i 'm looking for top notch video playback for both br and dvd because i have a large fp setup -lrb- 115 '' 2.35 ar -rrb- with a 13 ' viewing distance .
from our seats artifacts and other problems are easy to see so i try to get the best performance at reasonable prices -lrb- players costing over $ 600 are not going to fly with the missus -rrb- .
as far as dvd playback/upscaling , i 'd like to see a marked improvement over what i 'm getting currently with my tosh a2 player as i have many favorite movies in my collection that i wo n't soon be replacing with br versions .
audio - i also need/want internal decoding of all the latest codecs via the analog outputs because i have an older but very fine non-hdmi denon 5803 receiver .
those being my requirements , i came up with these three machines as the top candidates .
i 've been trying to read through each machine 's threads but have to admit the thread on the pio 51/elite 05 is a very lengthy and intimidating read .
can someone help me out by cutting through all the chatter in these posts and summarize the strengths/weaknesses of the pio 51 versus the other two ?
i 've seen some members claim that it has the best video and analog audio , but have seen other posts which say is very slow at handling/loading disks or very slow at layer changes with dvds .
does the `` outstanding '' video performance also apply to sd material ?
i 've read really positive things about the new panny 55 and it 's perhaps my front runner , but i 'm willing to listen to arguments for the 51 , as i 'm willing to pay the price difference between the two if the video and audio performance is that much better .
-lrb- i have decent audio playback chain - front channels are fed to a b&k st140 stereo amp to power a pair of vandersteen 2ce 's -rrb- .
i 'd also like to think that the larger size of the pioneer means the engineers needed the space to accomodate things like beefier power supplies , maybe separate power supplies for audio and video sections , separate boards for each , stuff like that .
the panny , on the other hand , is really small and makes me wonder what the designers were or were n't able to fit inside .
thanks .
i realize this is turning out to be another help me decide ... thread , but the extreme length of many of the player owner threads is just consuming way too much of my time and often yielding precious little information of value - i 'd rather be spending time in my ht watching a movie on blue ray !
bill
