<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>Digital Camera News: Large Format Prints, Digital/Film Camera Bundle, Fujifilm memory cards...</Title>
		<Username>Ben Stafford</Username>
		<Datetime>05-20-2005, 03:00 PM</Datetime>
		<Content>Order Large Format Prints at Pixel Outpost Pixel Outpost has launched a new Internet service to allow customers to order large format prints, up to 60 inches wide. They can do prints on either paper or canvas. From the press release: "By focusing solely on large format prints, Pixel Outpost is able to provide a streamlined experience geared towards single-image upload and processing. Users can overlay and format type anywhere on their photo in order to create prints that are great for occasions and big impressions. The site has easy-to-use tools that allow users to trim photos, adjust the photo characteristics and even let users "paint" their photos with an online dry brush filter. The turnaround is fast, with prints shipping the day after an order is placed. " Visit http://www.pixeloutpost.com to view pricing (starting at $24, with a 10% discount for new customers) and the different types of canvas and paper that they offer. Rollei Announces Medium Format Film/Digital Camera Bundle Definitely out of the budget for anyone but the professional, Rollei has announced a camera bundle that includes the 6008 AF medium format camera, digital back, editing software, and lenses. The interchangeable back allows photographers to shoot on film or digitally. The db20p digital back has a resolution of 16 megapixels and can saves pictures in RAW, TIFF and JPEG files. Depending on image format, camera images range from 48-128 MB per pictures and can be stored to Compact Flash. The rechargeable battery can handle 250 shots and 45 shots per minute. Lenses from Schneider Kreuznach and Carl Zeiss are included in the bundle, which will set you back about $15,000. Fujifilm Announces New Memory Cards Fujifilm has announced new media card "formats" aimed at the professional and consumer. The new cards, in Secure Digital, CompactFlash, xD-Picture, MMCplus and the new MMC mobile formats will be sport more distinctive packaging and will offer lifetime warranties (on the Professional line). SD Format: The new SD cards will be available in 60x and 133x speeds. The 60x cards will be available in 256MB, 512MB and 1GB sizes while the 133x cards (20MB/sec transfer) will be available in 512MB and 1GB sizes. CompactFlash: New Compact Flash cards will be available at 40x and 133x speeds. The 40x card will be available in 256MB-4GB sizes and the 133x cards will be available in 1GB-8GB sizes. xD Picture Card: New 1GB capacity (for a range of offerings starting at 16MB) MMCplus Cards: The MMCplus cards will replace MMC format, offering an increase in speed. The cards are designed to be backward and forward compatible in 128MB to 1GB sizes. MMCmobile: Designed for mobile phones, in capacities of 64MB to 1GB and dual voltage (1.8v and 3.3v). Mini Secure Digital: Also designed for mobile phones, with capacity up to 1GB. They include an adapater to allow Mini SD cards to be used in standard SD slots. Minox and Leica Sever Ties Press Release: The company MINOX GmbH, based in Wetzlar, has broken free from its co-partner, Leica Camera AG, and has made itself fully independent. General manager Thorsten Kortemeier already took over the traditional brand when he acquired 51 percent of the MINOX partnership capital in 2001 -- at that time 49 percent were left in the possession of Leica. Small and adaptable, defying the difficult market environment -- this company concept launched four years ago worked. Boasting a high level of flexibility the new MINOX GmbH has been able to systematically expand its activities and also the profits. Primarily known as manufacturer of the famous miniature camera MINOX now focuses on new product lines and special forms of marketing. These small and ingenious MINOX products are in strong demand, also as high quality rewards and advertising gifts. The top seller is the sport optics sector -- this is where sales have actually doubled over the previous four years. And just recently, MINOX was presented the German Design Award for its successful binocular development. Thorsten Kortemeier comments: "It was the right decision to focus on new sales channels and lucrative niche markets. More innovative products will be launched this year securing the ongoing growth of MINOX GmbH."</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
