<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>Yet Another Ultra-Slim Digital Camera: Casio EX-S500 Announced</Title>
		<Username>Ben Stafford</Username>
		<Datetime>06-09-2005, 10:00 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>So does everyone have an ultra-slim camera announced yet? I thought we were about there, but here comes Casio with the EX-S500 - a slick looking model that is .54 inches thick at its thinnest point. The 5 megapixel, 3x optical EX-S500 comes in orange, gray, or white, and features a 2.2 inch LCD. The battery is good for 200 shots and the EXILIM engine includes Anti Shake features to minimize image blur. The camera can also shoot MPEG-4 movies at 640x480 resolution and 30 frames per second (fps). The internal memory (all 8.3MB of it) can expanded with SD/MMC memory cards. [larger] [larger] [larger] Press Release June 9, 2005, Dover, NJ -- Casio Computer Co., Ltd. in conjunction with Casio, Inc. announces the release of the newest addition to the EXILIM CARD digital camera series. True to the series, the EX-S500 model is barely bigger than a credit card and just .54" at its thinnest point. Packed into the pocket-sized body are 5.0 mega pixels and MPEG-4 quality movie recording capabilities, allowing more than one hour of standard video recording when using a 1GB SD memory card. Casio's EXILIM Engine's Anti Shake Digital Signal Processor also makes blurry pictures nearly a thing of the past. The EX-S500 is a culmination of Casio's core technologies, combining cutting-edge miniaturization and digital expertise with state-of-the-art movie recording capability. As with all digital cameras in the EXILIM Series, the EXILIM CARD features Casio's EXILIM Engine, an image processing module that makes for high quality images, quick operation, and low power consumption that has made EXILIM the camera of choice for many users. The latest version of the EXILIM Engine features the Anti Shake DSP, which reduces blurring caused by shaking hands or moving subjects, while the Auto Macro and Quick Shutter functions ensure that photos are properly focused. "The EX-S500, which is available in fashionable white, orange and gray colors incorporates Casio's heralded EXILIM Engine along with advanced MPEG4 quality movie capabilities and anti-blur technology--- all in a digital camera that's barely the size of a credit card," says John Clough, President of Casio, Inc. "In a market where manufacturers are selling disposable camcorders because of their portable travel appeal, the S500 is the perfect icon for permanent multi-functionality exhibiting a re-useable "best of class technology" as an affordable business, leisure and fashion accessory." In addition to the anti-blur technology, 5.0 mega pixel resolution and 3X zoom capability means high quality pictures. A large 2.2-inch TFT LCD screen makes still and video photography easy to shoot, and the lithium ion rechargeable battery allows up to 200 shots on one charge. The pocket-sized EX-S500 is quick and easy to use for both business and pleasure. Comparable in size and weight with most cell phones, the EX-S500 is conveniently portable, taking high quality pictures and movies anywhere, anytime. Casio, Inc., Dover, N.J., is the U.S. subsidiary of Casio Computer Co., Ltd., Tokyo, Japan. Casio, Inc., markets calculators, keyboards, digital cameras, mobile presentation devices, portable color TVs, timepieces (Wrist Technology), cash registers and other consumer electronic products. Casio, the unexpected extra -- for more information visit our web site at www.casio.com. * * * EXILIM CARD EX-S500 MAIN FEATURESHigh Performance, High Quality Thin Card-Sized Highlights 5 mega pixel CCD makes for high resolution picture taking Miniaturized digital camera with a retracting 3X optical zoom employing high density technology resulting in a 77 cc volume just .63" thick (thinnest point: .54") Uses the EXILIM Engine image processing module, which includes the Anti Shake DSP MPEG-4, VGA(640 480 pixels), 30 frames/second enables high quality movie taking Super life battery allows up to 200 pictures per charge, based on CIPA standards Movie can be shot continuously for 1 hour and 20 minutes 1 hour of movies can be taken in "Normal" mode using a 1GB SD memory card Once powered on, the camera is ready to take pictures in approximately 1 second1 After the shutter is snapped, picture is taken almost instantaneously with an approximately 0.008 seconds2 release time lag High-speed picture playback of approximately 0.1 seconds interval3 Continuous shutter function enables photos to be taken in approximately 1 second intervals, limited to available space on memory card Digital interface TFT LCD 2.2 inch screen for easy viewing AF assist light function allows for perfect focus in dark places Beautiful color body is brilliant and smooth, due to a special "electrical coating" process enhancing the look and feel of the stainless steel body1-using internal memory, with internal flash turned off 2-with internal flash turned off 3-depending on the type of memory card used Easy to use camera functions The camera shutter can be easily operated with the index finger, and the "Direct Movie" button easily operated with the thumb Blurring due to both shaky hands and moving subjects is mitigated by the Anti Shake DSP Perfect pictures and movies can be taken using one of the 33 different "BEST SHOT" settings Equipped with a one-touch "BEST SHOT" button that allows you to select the appropriate mode for your shot The "Snapshot-in-Movie" function allows you to take still pictures while shooting movies High Sensitivity setting included in "BEST SHOT" ensures pictures come out bright even without the flash The "Quick Shutter" function supports high-speed focusing simply and easily The "Auto Macro" mode allows for automatic switching between macro mode and auto focus mode The "Direct On" button function allows quick startup in both shooting and playback modes Using the "MOTION PRINT" function, movies can be converted into a series of nine or just one snapshot for printing Movies can be zoomed in during replay The "Past Movie" function enables movie recording from 5 seconds before the recording button is pressed The "Short Movie" function enables movie recording for up to a total of 8 seconds, adjustable before or after the shutter is snapped The "Movie Editing" operation offers three ways (beginning, middle, end) to cut unwanted scenes from a movie The "Flash Assist" mode compensates for poorly illuminated areas of the shot The "Icon Help" function provides icon guidance when adjusting camera settings Miscellaneous Features USB 2.0 Hi-Speed facilitates rapid data transfer The USB cradle functions as a charger as well as a simple way to connect the camera to a PC or TV without the need for additional equipment Includes "Photo Loader" software which facilitates easy transfer of pictures to a PC Windows Media Player 9 (movie playback software) and Ulead Movie Wizard SE VCD (movie editing software) included Menu display language can be set to Chinese (simplified and traditional), English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Spanish Compatible with PictBridge and USB Direct Print for direct connection to printing device Compatible with ExifPrint (Exif 2.2) as well as PRINT Image Matching Internal 8.3 MB flash memory, SD memory card/MMC compatible* *memory card not included</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
