<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>Users Speak Out About the Canon Powershot S410 Digital Camera</Title>
		<Username>Ben Stafford</Username>
		<Datetime>04-28-2005, 09:00 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>Welcome to another installment of "Users speak out..." This time, we're going to take a look at the Canon Powershot S410. With an upcoming review from us, we thought you'd like to see what everyone else is saying. The opinions will be chosen based on the value of the information (in our opinion) to our readers. We won't necessarily pick only the "positive" opinions or only the "negative" opinions. We'll pick the opinions that we think will be most helpful to you as you shop for and compare cameras. To see all opinions, click through to the product detail, and click the "View Opinions" link. The Powershot S410 has a 4 megapixel sensor, 1.5 inch LCD and and optical 3x zoom. Below are some opinions from users of the camera. Opinions Excellent pictures - a few shortcomings - Chuck Porter Pros: This camera's picture quality (detail, color, etc) is simply amazing. There are many (newer) cameras that have longer or more impressive sounding feature lists but their pictures just don't compare. Don't be fooled.Cons: My biggest gripe about this camera is the proprietary battery (which I think is a symptom of the core design's age). It's a real pain if you travel a lot because you don't have the convenience of simply buying some AAs in a pinch. You constantly have to plan your charging on a long trip (and you also have to buy an extra battery so figure that into the cost). *** Less Important (to me) *** It feels a bit dated in terms of size/weight and features. It's small, but not the smallest. It's heavy for its size. The video mode is archaic. Better than my A70 - SMR99Si Pros: Well I got this camera due to a mix up with my a70(got it for the same price) everything is going well so far. Easy navigation, ease of taking pics... have yet to develop pics, but i havent had any problems with it so far... knock on wood. really small and easy to take pics. nice time for movie mode.Cons: cant find any so far... wish there was some type of case for it, like a cell phone case bc I'm so worried about dropping... This is a great little camera - Jimmy K Pros: Used it right out of the box without reading any manuals and starting taking great pics! Took them to get printed out and held my breath a little but was amazed at the outcome. The pictures were sharp and clear. The indoor shots came out a bit darker than with a 35mm but that didn't bother me. Lack of many manual controls should not bother most people. Just power it up and keep shooting. Startup time is quite. The size is great to out in your pocket and it has a nice heft to it. As for cases, they sell a nice leather case just for this camera and it does work. Trust the reviews on here that this really is a great camera.Cons: LCD is on the smallish side and I did have 1 bad pixel on it. But it doesn't take away from the pictures so I kept the camera as is. Also you WILL need to buy a second battery as the power drains pretty fast and there is not a lot of warning time. Always keep 1 spare charged battery handy. Great for the average joe - Joe Blow Pros: The automatic settings deliver a perfect picture with minimal experience. The resolution is better than some of my friends 4MP camera's, and it blows away anything in the 2-3MP range.Cons: Not a lot of manual settings, but there is a manual option. You set the manual options once and dial them in. If you want to change anything you must go through a menu. Some other models have a dozen manual settings designed for specific situations. Its worth EVERY penny! - Peter P Pros: Compact, great image quality for an ultra compact camera. I was stuck between this camera and the Pentax S4i...but the S410's image quality is light years ahead of the Pentax's while still being super compact. Its great that I could keep this in my pocket and take it out and shoot very quickly. Canon supposedly improved the startup to shoot time over the S400. I can't get over the image quality for such a small camera! Good for you Canon!Cons: You will need a larger CF card since the included 32MB one is not enough IMO. Kind of pricey....but its definately worth every penny. "I like it alot" - RAM Pros: Canon makes a great camera! For the intended use, this is a great little camera, though small, it's packed with performance. I looked at others, but trust Canon's quality. I have not printed any pictures yet, but I'm sure that they will come out great when printed on my Canon I-850. Will post again when I do print.Cons: It would have been great if it came with a 256Mb Compact Flash Card, case, and an extra battery. For those looking for a case, I found one for $3.99 at Walmart made by Samsonite. Great Little Camera - dave behrens Pros: Small size, obvious quality, like retractable auto lense cover; despite reviewer's comments, you can do a lot with this little camera. B&W or sepia photos, adjust how colors are perceived by camera ('vivid' my fav), lots of sounds, nice little leather case (PSC50) for a few bucks on Ebay. If you just want to point and shoot beautiful pics, and put the camera comfortably back in your pocket, the s410 is great.Cons: Battery must be removed from camera to charge</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
