should i buy a panny vt30 ? .
hi guys , about 7 or so years ago i bought a panny viera 42 " and have been very happy with it , but its now time to replace it with a hd tv .
when i installed it all those years back i wall mounted it and fed a number of cables , 3 meters behind the plasterboard an through a couple of holes drilled through a wall ( as the sources are in an alcove , silly house design ) - 2 x scart leads , 1 set of rgb components , i set of phono audio ( that feeds audio from the tv to the amp ) and an aerial lead , it was hard work and i know i need hdmi leads but want to make it as easy as possible .
i am looking to get a 50 " panny vt30 , as i have almost convinced myself that £ 800 more for the 55 " is just too much extra for 5 inches .
i will probably purchased the tv from jonh lewis , richer sounds or tps .
will also be getting a blu ray player to replace my dvd player .
i have read through the vt30 owners thread and some / most of the vt30 calibration thread , but seem to have confused myself and now have more questions than answers .
so i would like to ask the following : 1 .
after delivery of the tv should i check for the green blob issues and dead pixels straight away or wait until its run in ?
2 .
if i find any green blob issues or dead pixels should i send the tv back or run it in and then check for them ?
3 .
if i do return the tv for a replacement or refund due to the green blob etc , do i have to pay for carrige or the retailer and how long do they take to replace the tv ?
4 .
what is the best way to run in the tv ?
5 .
will i ever need 2 x scarts ever again , should i remove one or both from my wall , same goes for the rgb and the audio ?
6 .
how many hdmi should i fit into the wall and is there other cables i should fit whilst i am at it ?
have a wireless router so do nt need network cable .
7 .
are there any issues with hdmi cables fitting into the panny and are angled connectors ok to use ( to help hide the cables ) i think thats all the questions i have ( at the moment anyway ) many thanks
