oh dear , this again .
32 " for bedroom advice please ! .
hi all , sorry this has been asked before and i have trawled back , however there are a couple of questions i have that were not asked about comparisons in other threads i found .
i 'm treating myself to a ps3 and an hd tv .
it 's been long enough now and it is time i got involved .
i 'd ideally like to do this to the cheaper end of things ( initial thoughts were 200 - 250 for the tv , but i 'm now thinking it may be worth spending up a little higher ? ) .
i am flexible as i inevitably get tempted and i do n't mind paying extra if there is genuine value in doing so .
i 'll be looking to hold on to the tv for quite a few years anyway .
the first tv that i thought looked alright was this one : toshiba 32bv801b 32in full - hd 1080p freeview hd lcd tv | ebuyer.com mainly due to being full hd and having a freeview hd tuner .
i do have a socket from the virgin / internal aerial in my room , but the virgin has been terminated and the aerial on the roof is rubbish ..... so whether or not i would be able to adequately pick up the hd channels or not anyway i do not know .
i then continued looking and saw the sony had received great reviews http://www.expertreviews.co.uk/tvs/1...ia-kdl-32cx523 so that is also tempting .
again , the lan isnt in my room so whether or not i 'd use the internet tv is open to debate .
the cost of the sony dongle is enormous .
i do have a pc with a semi decent monitor anyway and was considering of mounting the tv nearby anyway , which i presume would then make it just as easy to stream the pc through the tv .... truth be told there 's a strong chance it never gets mounted though .
it would make for the best viewing but would look a little odd hanging over the desk .
finally , some others recommended this panasonic .
panasonic viera tx - l32u3b 32 " full hd lcd tv buy online | currys could someone point me in the right direction please ?
even if just to rubbish the current three outlined and start me afresh elsewhere .
ideally around the 250 mark but can squeeze to 300ish if it is truly worthwhile .
alternatively , is there any value in going to a shop to try and negotiate a tv and ps3 bundle ?
sorry , this post is convoluted and confusing .... indicative of how i am finding this technology hunt .
