`` the get away '' theater - under construction .
hello all !
i have enjoyed learning from everyone 's posts on home theater builds .
i think i have enough information to be dangerous , so lets start some construction ... some background ... .
first , i should mention that i am not very handy when it comes to power tools and construction .
as such , i am hiring a general contractor to do the construction work .
i can write a mean check though ... i will be doing all the low-voltage work for av wiring and connections .
i am a techie at heart , so i leave the heavy lifting to someone else and i like to play with the gadgets .
second , the name `` the get away '' theater has a special meaning for my wife and i .
we have a 2 month old and 2 year old .
needless to say , our date night involves a movie on the couch .
so , why not bring the theater to us .
finally , here is the low-down on the project scope : 1 .
finishing about 1,100 sq ft in our basement .
there will be a home theater -lrb- of course -rrb- , bar area behind theater , a large rec-room for the kiddies and a bathroom .
all spaces will be finished to a quality similar to that of the rest of the house , to keep the flow ... that means details like 2-piece crown molding throughout , granite countertops , kraftmaid cabinets , etc. .
the entire basement will have an insulated ceiling -lrb- r38 - 12 '' -rrb- 2 .
the semi-dedicated theater space will be approximately 17 ` x19 ` x9 ' .
i -lrb- and by `` i '' , i mean `` my contractor '' -rrb- will run sofits around the theater to hide some ductwork and add some architectural interest .
3 .
i only think i will be able to get one row of berklines in the room -lrb- already have 'em from my previous house 's home theater -rrb- .
i would appreciate any ideas on seating options .
thinking i might change over to large sectional to get more people packed in .
based on my experience , theater chairs are n't optimal for little kids .
4 .
components will be hidden in custom cabinetry in the front of the room .
essentially there will be two large cabinets on either side of the screen .
5 .
there will be a stage for the kids to play on .
6 .
i will be making a screen from seymour av / shearwave 4500 material - estimated screen size of 150 '' .
paired with an epson pro cinema 1080 ub projector .
7 .
hooking up hd comcast , xbox360 , wii , ps3 -lrb- for bluray -rrb- , computer 8 .
7.1 will be provided via klipsch speakers and yamaha receiver .
maybe 7.2 , but depends how i do on budget .
9 .
just picked up a harmony 890 for rf remote .
10 .
floor will be dricore + carpet thats all i can think of right now ... .
here are a couple `` before '' pics and a sketchup rendering i did to describe my intent .
i know the sketchup will change slightly based on a recent decision to close the room off a little more , but you will get the gist .
all helpful ideas/tips are always welcome because i am expecting to learn a lot on the journey .
thanks in advance !
dan you are looking into the future theater ... great picture on that screen !
here is a larger view of the basement area here is a mockup of the theater area .
i will close it off a little more than shown .
