stevens home theater - the fun begins .
my wife and i just purchased a new construction home with a 13 ' w x 19 ' 4 '' l x 10 ' h theater room .
i have been researching and dreaming of building a ht for over a year now .
here is the equipment i have so far .
klipsch rf-83 front klipsch rc-7 center velodyne f1500 sub onkyo tx-sr703 7.1 receiver the main things i still need are a 1080p projector , screen , 200x5 amp , klipsch rs-62 rears , blu-ray player or ps3 , universal remote , lighting and seating .
most of the equipment will likely be placed in the linen closet just outside the ht .
we just finished painting the ceiling black and the walls are painted a dark red -lrb- swatch is called spanish tile -rrb- .
going to apply a 2nd coat on the walls on monday .
i have drawn up two diagrams -lrb- shown below -rrb- that are to scale to help me in the design stage .
i drew the top layout awhile back and at that time i drew it with a 110 '' screen .
ignore the sweet spot info .
that will likely change somewhat .
in the top view , the right rear has a large sliding glass door -lrb- where the broken wall is -rrb- that will be covered with thick curtains that have already been purchased .
the front image shows a 120 '' screen which is what i 'm leaning towards .
i 'm currently looking at getting a panasonic pt-ae2000u projector .
please do n't think i 'm a nerd -lrb- ok ... maybe i am -rrb- but i actually busted out my old trigonometry math using this online calculator .
lol .
if i have my first row at 13 ' from the front wall , using a 120 '' screen -lrb- which is 5 ' tall -rrb- , the horizontal viewing angle from my eyes to the top of the screen is 21 degrees if the bottom of the screen was at eye level .
this thx diagram suggests that the angle should be 15 degrees or less .
in order to achieve 15 degrees or less , i would need to lower the screen so that the bottom of the screen is below eye level .
i lowered the screen just to the top of the center channel speaker to get it as low as i could .
i did not redo the math to see if it would then be less than 15 degrees .
should be close enough .
told ya i was a nerd .
the av rack in the front is not necessarily what i 'm going to use .
i just pulled it off the net to give me an idea of what it would look like with an av rack up front .
ha !
i just realized i did n't add my velodyne sub in the image .
oops .
it should fit between the front speaker and the av rack .
any thoughts on my plan so far ?
is there anything that i 'm off on at this point ?
front view top view
