bubbymac 1920 's rialto ht 90 % done ~ ! .
i am now 100 % complete and wanted to post some final pics so people can see the end of the journey .
thanks to all in the forum that provided help and support !
all pics = here well it has been a labor of love for the last year and i am in the final straight with the pj -lrb- marantz vp-15s1 -rrb- and 120 '' stewart firehawk g3 comming next week .
so much so that if paying the bills was not an issue , i would love to design/build ht 's for a living ... what a blast this hobby we all have !!!
thought i would share with the forum what it looks like today and will post back once i get the final pieces -lrb- 8 berkline chairs come in about another month -rrb- .
dsc00933.jpg = this is one of the antique candleabra 's in the room dsc01004.jpg = this is the front view into the ht ... of course screen , chairs and pj still to come dsc00966.jpg = this is one of the 2 columns that took quite some time to put together and make sure it was stable enough for children to climb -lrb- of course they will not or i will ... -rrb- dsc00913.jpg = customized signage - first message i had up there was one to improve waf -lrb- sorry this is a pg audience so i had to pull it down :--rrb- -rrb- as i spent a lot of time/money on the build and i have look for every opportunity to make her happy -lrb- note : `` bubbymac '' is my wife 's nickname -rrb- dsc00906.jpg = i always wanted to build all the equiptment into a wall so used this opportunity to make something from scratch : vista hp mediacenter with 2tb storage -lrb- loaded up 200 + movies , pictures , etc -rrb- .
also built a slide out keyboard and mouse draw to work off denon 5803ci avr denon 3800bdci blu-ray xbox360 & ps3 direct tv hd dvr i created 3 boxes to house a zune , phillips pronto tsu7000 remote and wirless mouse charger .
here are a few more images overall it was great experience and am counting the hours until next friday for the final install .
will post back with the finals soon but if you want all the pictures from this and my other build , feel free to click on my sig details below
