toshiba 52hm84 ballast replacement -lrb- with large pics ! -rrb- .
first , many thanks to those of you who have done this before me and posted elsewhere .
there was a request for pics of the ballast board install , so here it is .
full disclosure and warning : you are on your own and i warrant nothing from these procedures .
i am not a tv tech .
there are some very high voltages in the back of a tv because of the large capacitors .
be careful .
there are also many delicate cables and connectors in the back of a dlp tv .
proceed at your own risk !
if you are uncomfortable with any of the steps , contact a tv technician in your area to do it !
you will need : 1 .
a slightly long standard head philips screwdriver .
2 .
a leatherman or small pair of pliers .
3 .
the toshiba service manual .
refer to it often if you get lost .
- download it here .
4 .
the ballast board -lrb- toshiba part number : 23122468 -rrb- .
i got mine from conn 's in flordia here .
5 .
some tape or a marker to label some of the cables so you do n't forget what went where .
6 .
patience .
lots of it .
the steps 1 .
unplug the tv !
put the tv somewhere so that you can easily get to the back of it .
you 'll need at least 3 ft of room behind the tv .
remove the lamp assembly now .
2 .
remove all of the screws on the lower part of the tv .
set the cover aside .
it should look like this : 3 .
to get an idea of where we 're going , as you look at the back of the tv , just behind the fan and lamp assembly is the ballast board , looks like this : 4 .
next , remove the screws from the silver brace arm in the middle and the bronze screws that hold the light engine assembly .
this brace is attached to the ribbon cable by a zip tie ; you do not have to cut the zip tie if you do n't want to .
refer to the service manual if the pic below does n't show the screws clearly , but it will be obvious when you are looking at the `` light engine sled '' .
5 .
remove the bronze screw holding the plastic shield that angles down to the lamp .
this screw is kind of hard to see just looking at the back of the tv , it is located up and above the ribbon cable attached to the back av board .
6 .
using a small pair of pliers , squeeze the plastic nipples in and push the cable hangers out of the plastic shield .
remove the shield carefully from the back of the tv and set aside .
7 .
slowly and very carefully , remove the copper ribbon cable as shown .
this copper ribbon cable was the hardest thing to put back in during reassembly , i kid you not .
i hate that ribbon cable with all of my soul .
next , remove the yellow , blue , and red connectors as shown .
if you forget where they went , the connectors are different lengths and only go to one and only one receptacle .
8 .
slowly and carefully , pull out the light engine assembly .
there are 2 yellow leads that power the lamp assembly that you can remove if needed .
to remove them , slide the rubber footing off , and you will see a very small clip , push the clip back while pulling on the lead and it will come off .
if you do take the leads off , be sure to label them with a marker or some tape .
mine were quite stubborn in letting go -lrb- i did n't see the clips under the rubber footing before this posted -rrb- , so i left them on .
if you do leave them on , be carefull of the stress on the cable going around the lens assembly .
i removed the cables from the plastic do-hickey holding onto them and moved the yellow cables to the front of the lens assembly .
9 .
next , slowly pull out the light engine sled and turn it so that you have access to the ballast assembly , like so : 10 .
noticing how filthy your ballast board probably is , remove the two screws holding the ballast board .
11 .
now , remove the 2 connectors attached to the ballast board like so : 12 .
next , gently push the plastic tabs holding down the ballast board to the light engine assembly and gently push up the ballast board to loosen it from the plastic tabs grip .
there are two other tabs on the other side .
now you 'll now be able to remove the ballast assembly entirely to install your new board .
13 .
now , on the other side of the ballast assembly is the lamp connector .
remove the screws as shown .
14 .
gently turn the lamp connector towards you to remove it ; notice the orientation of the connector so you install it correctly when you put the new board in .
15 .
now , install your new board and put everything back together in reverse order .
this would also be a good time to take some compressed air and blow out all of the dust in there .
take your time during reassembly and be very , very , very carefull connecting everyting back together .
16 .
be sure to put the back cover on , and re-install the lamp assembly before connecting your inputs and powering back on .
17 .
that 's it !
if you did everything carefully enough , you should be enjoying your toshiba again and just saved about $ 350 !
congrats !
