sharp lc46d64u v.s. lg 42lg50 .
hi dear all avs gurus , after tons of researchs on the forum and other websites , finally : i went to the store today trying to get a 42 '' sharp lc42d64u , but it was out of stock > < '' , so i ended up getting the 42 '' lg 42lg50 .
-lrb- was also considering the toshiba 42rv530u , but the sales claimed the samsung or lg is better than toshiba lcd -rrb- and now i just saw the 46 '' sharp on sale for about $ 300 more , just wondering if i should bring the lg back and exchange for the 46 '' sharp ?
is the extra 4 '' worth the $ 300 more ?
some points i have considered based on my study on the forum threads : sharp lc46d64u : pros : -10 bit panel -4 '' larger - thin bezel around the screen - sleek design , light weight - picture in picture ??
-lrb- saw this function is listed on amazon.com , but did n't see it listed on the spec sheet , could anyone please confirmed ?? -rrb-
cons : - potential banding issue , although the sales claimed it should n't be an issue nowadays -2007 's model , on sale because it would be discontinued soon - only able to do 24p on certain serial # model lg 42lg50 pros : -2008 's new lg model - able to take 24p - cheaper - sharp seems to be a more renowned lcd maker , as the 1st generation sony psp lcd screen is made by sharp because no other competitor at the time could make the lcd that well -lrb- at least that 's what i heard , please correct me if this is wrong . . -rrb-
cons : - seems to be an 8 bit panel ?
-lrb- could anyone please confirm this as the sales has no idea -rrb- - thick bezel around the screen - have n't seen much review on the net on this tv , is it not popular ?!
so far , i would say the lg is not bad as this is my 1st hdtv , and so anything would look amazing in my eyes :p , but i am leaning more toward the sharp as it 's bigger , thinner , 10 bit panel & has pip function which would be useful in my family .
if anyone could please give me some advice on this , it would be really great , thanks so much ps >> oh , also , if anyone could tell me which one has better picture quality when connecting via dvi-hdmi to computer that would be really helpful !
as i would be mainly using the tv as a pc monitor for movies and gaming , and some ps3 .
so i do n't really care about the hdtv/sdtv picture quality .
