system overhaul , please help me with my layout -lrb- with diagram -rrb- .
i 've laid out a very rough diagram of my room in the attachment below , and an actual photo of the front of the room can be found here for ease in conceptualizing .
note - the photo was taken before i moved the sub to the other side of the room and bought a pair of b&w 683s for the fronts , the 602s were moved to the back , and the couch seen on the right is about 2-3 ' closer to the back of the room than it appears in the photo .
a bit of room description : the three slim rectangles on the back of the room -lrb- behind the couch -rrb- are supposed to be windows .
they have wooden blinds on them that are almost always down .
there are pictures on the right wall and a large 2-3 ' high valence that runs the length of the back wall above the windows .
9 ' ceilings .
my current -lrb- new -rrb- setup : avr : onkyo 805 fronts : b&w 683 -lrb- biamped -rrb- center : b&w htm2 -lrb- the older one that 's basically the same as the new htm4s -rrb- rears : b&w 602 s2 sub : adire audio 15 '' tempest in custom 9cubic ' box port-tuned to 17hz and driven by a mackie fr1400i amp -lrb- 1400x1@2ohm -rrb- unfortunately i ca n't move the couch away from the wall .
the 602s are currently sitting on pretty low speaker stands that they were previously on -lrb- you can see them in the photo of the room -rrb- , only in the rear .
so after all the background , my questions : 1 .
what is a good height for rear speakers to be at ?
i feel they might be too low now as they are relatively big `` bookshelf '' speakers sitting on 12 '' stands - the tweeter and top of the woofer is just a bit above the side cushion on my couch .
2 .
the b&w htm2 i just bought will not fit in the tv stand like the lcr600 shown in the photo , so i figure i have to either put it on its own stand in front of the tv stand -lrb- ugly -rrb- or maybe wall mount the tv -lrb- on a shelf or something -rrb- and set it on the tv stand .
suggestions ?
3 .
i have an extra couple low profile wall-hanging speakers from my upstairs setup that i 'd like to mount in between the windows at the rear as the last two speakers of a 7.1 setup .
this would mean they are directly behind the people seated on the couch though , and might not image properly with the rest of the setup .
is it worth doing ?
4 .
any other suggestions on the overall setup are welcome .
i know it 's a pretty suboptimal arrangement , but it was the best i could do while maintaining the functionality of a family room .
