arcsoft tmt scaling artifacts and overscan .
i 've been setting up a new build using arcsoft tmt for blu-ray playback , and i noticed something odd .
the video card is geforce 8600gt-based , using dvi - > hdmi to a sony kds-60a2000 sxrd rear-projection -lrb- 1080p -rrb- .
in beyondtv , i was in the habit of setting my resolution to native monitor resolution -lrb- 1920x1080 in this case -rrb- , and using the overscan compensation in beyondtv to fit to the screen .
this gave me 1:1 pixel mapping in the past .
ota atsc video looked great , with no softness or visible scaling artifacts .
this still seems to work fine for beyondtv in this new build .
however , when i set the res to 1920x1080 , arcsoft tmt shows some artifacts of upscaling , using really bad sampling -lrb- nearest neighbour -rrb- .
for example , i can see this clearly on the opening titles of the departed bluray , which has high-contrast white-on-black letters in the titles .
the diagonal lines in the letters have all kinds of nasty jaggies .
this seems to happen regardless of whether `` hardware acceleration '' is turned on in tmt or not .
if i use a reduced res -lrb- eg , 1840x1035 -rrb- , the nasty artifacts go away .
since arcsoft tmt does n't have any overscan compensation -lrb- someone correct me if i 'm wrong -rrb- , i have to do this anyway , otherwise the ui does n't all fit on the screen .
so although i 'm forced to use this solution for now , i 'm concerned that beyondtv may now do some unwanted downscaling .
the question is , why is tmt doing any scaling at all ?
this seems backwards to me .
should n't 1920x1080 show no scaling artifacts , since it 's displaying 1:1 , and the reduced res force downscaling to occur ?
or is the actual pixel rectangle of blu-ray video smaller than 1920x1080 ?
and -lrb- this question only for the graphics ubernerds in the crowd -rrb- , even if it does have to use scaling , why is it doing nearest neighbour ?
should n't it be doing bilinear filtering at a minimum , or hopefully bicubic ?
