designing the loganator 's screen wall - your chance to be logan 's hero .
ok , tom would like a little help in coming up with design ideas for his challenging space .
now that the water has receded it 's full speed ahead .
the room shown below is the basic space tom is working with .
12 ' 3 '' wide .
there is a big ass ductwork soffit taking a bite out of the right side .
it is 35.5 inches wide by 11 tall .
overall ceiling height is 88 1/2 .
there is a bump out centered in the front that is 34 inches wide by 26 1/2 deep .
the only electric panel for the house hugs the right front .
plans are for a single row of berklines potentially moved around the room in more of a u shape for more of a lounge style seating depending on the event .
there will be a bar on the right side behind the seating .
tom 's speakers will be floor standing l/r that are 35.5 h x9 .25 w x 13d , center is 7.5 h x17w x 7.5 d .
he also has an svs tube sub that is 40h and 16 in diameter .
he has the fabric for an smx at screen so the natural thought is to stick the center and sub in that front niche -lrb- subject to testing the sonic impact -rrb- usually one would think that putting a matching soffit on the left would help the design but that would make 50 % of the ceiling a little less than 6 1/2 feet high .
so rule that out .
here is my suggested plan 1.0 build a soffit extension of 18 inches deep in the front and cutting across the left front corner at a 45 matching the front of the stage below .
build a stage with 2x8s and two layers of 3/4 decking for a total of 9 inches as shown : then build some movable proscenium frames covered with black gom .
held in place against back blocking with velcro .
use 2 inch deep material for the framing .
maybe put the one on the right on hinges for quick access to the circuit breakers .
add some linacoustic and black material to the front wall and hang a 96 inch wide 16:9 screen .
while originally tom wanted a 2:35 screen if he did that then the resulting 16:9 image would be pretty small for sports .
projector is assumed to be 1080p although one has n't been selected .
lastly here are some of the dimensions -lrb- rough -rrb- on a top down view showing speaker placement .
ok , let 's have some feedback and suggestions for this challenging space .
