shed time - rph drew 's thread - logan 's hero ... for now ... .
index equipment list -lrb- 2 -rrb- insulation -lrb- 7 -rrb- projector -lrb- 13 -rrb- laminate flooring -lrb- 19 -rrb- riser -lrb- 51 -rrb- speakers -lrb- 75 -rrb- stage -lrb- 133 -rrb- more stage -lrb- 157 -rrb- third row countertop -lrb- 183 -rrb- bedroom flooring -lrb- 256 -rrb- sconce lights -lrb- 284 -rrb- sceen wall -lrb- 290 -rrb- bathroom -lrb- 389 -rrb- drywall that pocket door !!!
-lrb- 431 -rrb- third row bar trim -lrb- 442 -rrb- screen size -lrb- 463 -rrb- carpet decision -lrb- 469 -rrb- carpet install -lrb- 549 -rrb- screen install -lrb- 555 -rrb- one of the logan commandments : ?
thou shall have a build thread ??
so here it is .
note : as of this posting , i only have dial-up access so pictures will be limited and low resolution .
dsl is coming but we don?t know when ?
first the floor plan .
i am finishing the basement of a home we had built in 2003 .
at the time , i was not planning a full dedicated ht but had the following requirements for the builder with regards to the basement : 1 .
9 ?
ceiling 2 .
zone heating system with basement on its own thermostat 3 .
stub plumbing for future bath and install shower stall -lrb- much easier to get in before the walls/doors go in -rrb- .
4 .
install vent line for future bathroom fan so i did n't need to fish it through the entire basement width later .
5 .
frame exterior walls with 2x4 ?
s -lrb- which i would later regret ?
more later -rrb- 6 .
large room -lrb- later to be designated the ht , to have no supports or dividers needed . -rrb-
the above floor plan was developed after sitting down with their architect .
the stock home plan -lrb- where basement design is at best an after thought -rrb- was very choppy , was only about 50 % usable , and included the bathroom on the daylight side -lrb- which is a waste of the windows in my opinion -rrb- .
i really tried to squeeze out as much usable space as possible .
i had storage trusses put in above the garage and installed a pull down ladder so i really don?t need storage space in the basement .
i ended up having to hire my own heating contractor as the builder?s could not wrap his mind around a three zone -lrb- one for each floor -rrb- forced air heating system without massive heat trunks that took up the majority of the ceiling in the basement .
my contractor installed an arzel zone system that uses individual dampers for each run controlled by vacuum tubes ?
which results in only one hot air trunk .
now , fast-forward a year or two .
the first project was to build my deck .
the builder i used seemed to build pretty good homes but for some reason hired some guy in a beat up mini van to build the decks ??? so i had them attach the plate to the house and leave it for me to build .
i decided to go with the full plastic eon decking which turned out great .
i put over a year into this build but that is off topic for this so i will just give the after pic and move on .
i just took this picture this morning so it is in the shadow of the house .
i will edit it later with an afternoon shot .
now the winter of 06-07 comes along and i finally get the bug to start the basement .
there were a few things that i failed to monitor during the building process that slipped by until i started to put my basement plans together .
1 .
the air conditioning dude got lazy and ran the condenser line down under the floor joists rather than up in them across the ht room ?
had to have them come out and rerun $ $ .
2 .
the gas line to supply the main floor fireplace was installed as galvanized that again ran below the joists this time through my game room .
had to have them come out and install flex line to maximize the ceiling height $ $ .
3 .
the hot and cold air trunks ran down one side of the ht .
note the very top of the following picture .
this pic is a little out of order as it shows the re-framed walls of the ht insulated but i will come back to that i hung the scrap piece of carpet on the wall to judge screen size .
i outlined 80 , 90 , and 100 inches .
i moved the cold air return to the other side of the ht and am now using 5 of the joist cavities that run across my ht as cold air returns .
i did this myself so all it cost me was some time .
the only issue would be that i would not be able to insulate the cavities above the ht as many are used as cold air returns and it also limited the number and placement of can lights .
i then found the framing they did of the exterior concrete walls to be lousy .
because i added this after construction had started , it was done after the home was essentially built and it was the guy in the beat up mini van again ... i ended up tearing out all of the framing in the ht and starting over .
i will being using post # 2 to update progress and `` to do '' lists and then continue from there in individual posts .
