fed 's setup .
ok after participating in the panasonic pz80/pz85 owners thread it seems more and more people are reporting this issue which has been described as `` color flicker '' , or `` brightness shifting '' , or other names .
i think we are all referring to the same issue .
in trying to figure this issue out i thought it might be helpful to have our own thread for this issue .
i want to collect as much data on this as possible to try to maybe figure this out .
1 .
first what picture setting is your tv on when you notice the issue -lrb- cinema , standard , vivid , custom ? -rrb- .
2 .
what are your calibration settings -lrb- picture , brightness , the most important , as well as the others -rrb- .
3 .
any processing set to on such as c.a.t.s. or noise reduction , etc. 4 .
about how many hours of viewing does your tv have racked up ?
5 .
when was the tv manufactured ?
6 .
where was the tv purchased ?
7 .
what kind of power is the tv plugged into ?
-lrb- standard surge protector , power conditioner , line filter , etc -rrb- 8 .
what sources you have noticed the effect on , and how those sources are connected to the tv .
9 .
any other details which may be of interest .
so me first : 1 .
cinema , although it seems worse on standard 2 .
picture on 50 , brightness on 50 , others will have to check when i get home .
i have noticed that with the picture and brightness on lower settings the effect is more noticeable .
3 .
no processing 4 .
i have n't gone into the service menu to check but i am probably at 200-300 hours 5 .
february 2008 6 .
bestbuy.com 7 .
cheap surge protector with no line filtering or anything else 8 .
dish satellite dvr vip 622 , mostly while watching hd shows or movies .
also have noticed it with hd dvd player a2 at 1080i setting while watching battlestar galactica hd dvd .
have not noticed it on blu ray -lrb- ps3 -rrb- yet , but have n't watched much blu on this set yet .
sources are all connected with hdmi cables from monoprice.com 9 .
i exchanged my original set that had this problem which seemed to mostly be on white backgrounds , or blue sky backgrounds .
the new set i got now seems to exhibit these symptoms on flesh tones , people 's faces alot .
i recorded one snippet of sopranos season 6 , the baptism scene and christopher 's face will flash very badly when on standard at pic 50 and brightness 50 .
but if i play it back on cinema at pic 50 , brightness 50 , the flicker still happens but is much less noticeable .
