what?s my best choice for my 147 ?
vutec screen ?
jvc rs10 or rs20 .
this is my very 1st post , so i want to give you a little background to start ?
this is my first attempt at building a dedicated home theater .
i recently saw this 147 ?
size screen in a local retail store in ca called theater extreme .
of course it had the entire theater ambience to go with the dedicated room .
in this room , the store was projecting a jvc rsx1 about 14 ?
from the screen .
i admit i am totally inexperienced and new to this technology ; however i was totally blown away how sharp this huge picture looked .
i watched a short demo -lrb- smiled -rrb- and thought ? . ?
i got to get me one of these !?? that was my birth into the quest of learning all about the world of home theater .
i have been reading many forums and appreciate your knowledge and experience to help educate the new guys like myself .
so my thought was ?
if i was going to build a dedicated home theater -- why not make it feel like a real theater with a really big screen ?
i already got it ?
i bought a 147 ?
-lrb- diagonal -rrb- vutec sound screen3 -lrb- easyvu ?
fixed screen -rrb- .
the 3 % material is their newest , latest and greatest -lrb- tighter weave -rrb- sound fabric .
-lrb- my room size is 23 ?
wide by 24 ?
deep with only an 8 ?
ceiling -rrb- i plan on placing the speakers behind the sound screen in a 26 ?
deep wall cavity .
i plan on mounting the projector using a ceiling mount at the best optimum distance from the screen .
after reading all these forums , it seems the jvc units have captured the market .
i?m excited as the true enthusiasts to see and hear the reviews about the rs20 .
however , i would appreciate to hear what experienced ht hobbyist think would be the best projector for my particular application and especially my screen size .
i sure hope i didn?t shoot my own foot buying a 147 ??
-lrb- but it?s to late now -rrb- i was heavily leaning towards the rs20 , unless someone could convince me otherwise .
i?ve always had this issue about ?
crying once ?
... buy the best you can afford -lrb- at the time -rrb- and be happy and enjoy it for years to come .
is this the best option for my situation ?
