showing sub-titles on panasonic vt30 .
i am using the media player / dlna link to `` stream '' content from my mac .
now , with .
mkv format files , sub-titles play just fine .
the sub-title file -lrb- s -rrb- appear in the panny `` option '' menu , i can select them , they just work as they should .
however , when i try the same thing with a .
mp4 -lrb- .
m4v -rrb- file , it just does n't does n't work .
the sub-titles files are .
srt files and stored in same folder , with same filename , just the file extension is changed from .
mp4 to .
srt note also i have tried experimenting with putting the files on an sd card .
exactly same result i.e. 1 -rrb- .
mkv files show sub-titles perfectly 2 -rrb- .
mp4 -lrb- .
m4v -rrb- files refuse to ever show sub-titles , they never appear in option menu .
i have latest firmware on the panny .
the only conclusion i can draw is that the panny can not show sub-titles for .
mp4 format files ... .
but that sounds so stupid ... .
it just ca n't be true .
but i have tried every option i can think of , and never been able to show sub-titles on .
mp4 -lrb- .
m4v -rrb- content , and with .
mkv , it works every time .
this is a really unfortunate state of affairs for me because : a -rrb- all my content is in .
mp4 format , and that was a deliberate choice because of playback issues on other devices i have .
i would hate to have to re-encode all content i need sub-titles on in .
mkv format .
b -rrb- i really really need sub-titles .
a lot of my friends are thai and are happy to watch content in english , as long as the thai text pops up at the bottom of the screen so what to do ?
has anyone actually got sub-titles showing on .
mp4 content via sd card or dlna ?
this is driving me bonkers !!!
and my only only issue with the tv , its just perfect apart from this issue , so maybe i should count myself lucky after reading so much apart `` green blobs '' etc. .
any help / ideas / welcome .
forgot to mention : when playing .
mp4 files locally on mac using vlc or similar , the sub-titles show up just fine .
there is nothing wrong with the .
srt files .
love to hear from panasonic on this ...
