so i went to telus to buy a hero . .
and was informed how telus hspa is 2100mhz .
i stopped by a corp telus store to pick up a hero . .
the rep working there was very nice , told me 499 + tax .
i told him it was for a friend .
so , when paying he asked if i wanted a sim card .
i told him no , the person already has one .
he asks `` is it a telus sim ? ''
, normally i 'd just say ya , but he was a cool guy , so told him the truth , `` no , they use rogers '' . .
what a mistake , he started off on a lecture about how the phone wont work on rogers -lrb- even if it is unlocked -rrb- .
he spent a minute to explain how telus uses hspa and 3g + for the whole new network , and rogers is just gsm .
i pulled out my old tytn i have been using recently , and showed him that i 've been using it on rogers hspa since early 2007 .
this is the best part : he said `` yeah , but theirs is an old network , they dont use 3g + , and the band for their network is 1800mhz , and telus ' new network is 2100mhz '' .
you 'd think this rep was just misinformed or not totally sure , but he was persistent .
i tried telling him that rogers , bell , telus all use 850,1900 in canada , but i couldnt convince him .
he said `` i 'll sell you the phone , dont worry , but its not going to work on rogers , it doesnt have those bands '' .
which band does it have i asked ?
`` this hero only has 2100 '' .
i tried explaining to him , and even started asking about where he learned all about this .
he told me they spent quite a bit of time doing training to learn about the new network through telus corp programs .
the thing is , i thought after maybe some of these uninformed reps are just fed bs by telus , and are told to confuse customers , or try not to let them go to another carrier . .
but the manner in which he told me about telus & 2100 , and the hero only having 2100 was incredible , i 'm sure by the way he looked at me he thought i was crazy and throwing $ 500 down the drain for a phone that wont work ... i just couldnt believe that he was so wrong yet so sure what he was saying was right i really wonder if he could just be confused himself ?
or could telus really be teaching that type of stuff to the reps for training info on the new network ?
i almost feel bad , for him as a telus sales rep for being so poorly uninformed , and also for customers who are making purchases based on what a rep tells them .
maybe i should head back one day to show him the hero unlocked with a rogers sim in it . .
or even my tytn or iphone with a telus sim in it . .
