: : new users read this first - stuff you probably wo n't find in the wiki : : .
hey guys , i 've recieved many , many message over the last few weeks ranging from questions about jailbreaking to unlocking .
the amount of experience the individual has had will often dictate how the dialogue continues .
however , over the last little while , there seems to be an influx of newer users , undoubtably drawn here by news that there has been an unlock for new iphones .
over the course of the week i continually found it hard to explain even simple concepts to newer users , since i would find myself using terms that i just assumed that the person on the other end would understand .
i took for granted that everyone i was helping would just know what ' dfu ' means when in fact they only joined the forum 4 minutes ago .
sometimes i would spend a considerable amount of time explaining something only to find out that it was n't even what the user needed because their interpretation of ' unlock ' was different than what my understanding of it was .
this wastes the time of both parties and usually turns into frustration before anything positive was accomplished .
so i 've compiled a little guide that will explain some of the things a user may not understand when visiting this place for the first few times .
hopefully this will ' level the playingfield ' for newbies , especially when they are forming questions .
- terminology and concepts - bnib ?
brand new in box o.o.b - this is just an acronym for ' out of box ' or ' brand new ' ( home ) button ?
the round button on the front of your iphone [ sleep ] button ?
the long button along the top of your iphone dfu mode - you do n't need to know what it stands for ; you just need to know how to get there .
hold down the [ sleep ] and ( home ) button until your iphone disconnects from your computer .
i know , some people say " 10 seconds " or whatever , but the best way to do this is to turn on your speakers and listen for the device to disconnect from the usb interface .
when you hear this , let go of the [ sleep ] button , but keep on holding the ( home ) button until you hear the device connect again .
** please note that while in dfu mode , you should not see anything on your screen .
if you see a yellow triangle ( 1.0.2 ) , an ipod cable ( 1.1.1 ) or a picture of your mom , you are not in dfu mode .
restore mode - this is the normal restore mode that sees less use than dfu mode , especially in the unlocking community .
unlike dfu mode , you will see an image of a yellow triangle or an itunes cable on your screen while you are in this mode .
some recent jailbreak utilites call for this mode , and i am including it in here becaue it also emphasizes the difference between this mode and dfu .
to get into restore mode , turn off your phone by olding down the [ sleep ] button for 5 seconds then sliding the red bar across the screen with your finger .
once the screen turns off , contiunually hold down the ( home ) button while you press the [ sleep ] button .
hold the ( home ) button until you see either a yellow triangle ( 1.0.2 ) or a ' connect to itunes ' picture on the screen .
jailbreak ?
alters the iphone?s file system to allow writing and modifying data in specific areas .
in turn , this allows 3rd party applications to be installed .
unlock ?
let?s a sim other than at&t operate as a cellular device in any given gsm provider .
note that when you?re at the ?
slide to unlock ?
screen on your iphone , which is not the same ?
unlock ? .
** you 'll hear a lot of talk about ' unlocking 1.1.2 , or unlocking 1.1.1 .
this , technically speaking is actually incorrect , as the ' unlock ' actually occurs on the baseband of the corresponding firmware .
when someone says ' i unlocked 1.1.1 ' , they are really saying ' i unlocked the baseband 4.01 ' .
baseband 4.01 , as i will explain a bit later , is the corresponding baseband to the 1.1.1 firmware .
activation ?
pairs the sim card with the phone , and for all practical purposes lets the user access the springboard ( home screen ) firmware ?
this is the os of the iphone .
current popular versions are 1.0.2 , 1.1.1 , 1.1.2 , and of course 1.1.3 baseband ?
the component of the iphone that handles all the communication aspects of the the iphone * upgrading / downgrading - when upgrading your firmware , the baseband upgrades alongside the firmware .
if you are at 1.1.1 with its corresponding baseband 4.01 and you upgrade to 1.1.2 , you will also upgrade your baseband to 4.02 .
** unlike upgrading , when you downgrade firmware , the baseband does not tag along .
instead , the baseband will stay the newest version .
if you downgrade to 1.0.2 from 1.1.2 using dfu mode , you will still have the 1.1.2 baseband on your phone .
this is not a bad thing .
we just need to be aware of this .
as mentioned above , each firmware revision has its own corresponding baseband : 1.0.2 - > 3.14 1.1.1 - > 4.01 1.1.2 - > 4.02 1.1.3 - > 4.03 please note that it is essential that you understand that because of this behaviour of upgrading and downgrading , have firmware 1.0.2 with baseband 4.02 on your phone by merely restoring from 1.1.2 to 1.0.2 virginizing ?
returning the phone to 1.0.2 with baseband 3.14 .
this is done via scripts , and there are many out there ?
some require minimal user input while other are more involved .
i am mentioning this only because some people have this misconception that downgrading the fw is the same as virginizing , which is not the case .
when someone says ?
i virginized it ?
, it means ( for all practical purposes of this guide ) they downgraded the firmware along with the baseband and in turn , locked , re-jailed and deactivated the phone .
bootloader - the bootloader is bascially the bios of the phone , and for all practical purposes of this guide , will be treated as such .
the most important thing to know in this case is what bootloader version do you have ?
currently , there are mainly two version floading around : v3 .9 , and v4 .6 .
if you are unsure of which version you have , you can check it by finding out what week your phone was manufactured .
to do this , look at the 4th and 5th digits of your serial number .
example : serial number : 7t341wdnwh3 - this phone is week 41 , and will most likely have bootloader v3 .9 .
you may continue with the guide .
serial number : 7n445nntpj1 - this phone is week 45 , and will most certainly have bootloader v4 .6 .
this guide is not for you .
if your phone is manufactured in week 45 or later , you will most certainly have the new .
if your phone was manufactured before week 45 , then you most likely have v3 .9 of the booloader .
