fs : bnib unlocked bell samsung galaxy s vibrant i9000m $ 600cdn firm .
* pics included * .
item : bnib unlocked bell samsung galaxy s vibrant i9000m price ( and currency ) : $ 600cdn firm condition : brand new - 10/10 accessories included : * bell samsung galaxy s vibrant i9000m * battery ( installed in the phone ) * usb cable * ac adapter * headset * original box additional details : this item is a brand new bell samsung galaxy s vibrant i9000m world phone .
unlike at&t 's samsung galaxy s captivate and the upcoming samsung galaxy s captivate on rogers , the bell vibrant i9000m has a front - facing camera and fm radio with rds .
this is currently the most high - end android phone available in canada .
most retailers have completely run out of stock or are no longer selling it outright ( without a mandatory contract , credit check & in - store activation ) .
this item was purchased from bell world ( $ 565 outright purchase + $ 35 activation with bell + $ 30 month - to - month plan ) .
the box was opened in - store to activate this phone with a bell sim card .
it supports the 3 - button recovery and download mode combinations .
it is fully unlocked and rooted .
it supports 3g on bell , telus , rogers , fido and at&t wireless , and gsm only on t - mobile .
it can be used on any 850 / 1900/2100 3g / hspa network , as well as any gsm network in the world .
as you can see by the pictures , this phone is in brand new condition .
it was only used to be activated , unlocked and rooted .
it has been protected with a high quality anti-glare screen protector ever since day one .
location : thornhill ( bathurst & clark area ) notes : my asking price is $ 600cdn firm .
i wo n't be making any profit on this phone ; i 'm simply looking to recoup my costs .
bell is no longer allowing any retailers to sell this phone without a mandatory contract & in - store activation .
that means if you were to purchase this phone from a retailer , it would cost you a minimum of $ 630 , ( $ 565 for the phone + $ 35 for activation + costs of a month - to - month plan .
the cheapest plan available is $ 30 / month ) you would be subjected to a credit check and you would have to sign a contract with bell for a minimum of 30 days .
this phone is being offered on a first - come , first - served basis .
if you act quickly , you 'll end up getting this phone at a great price .
my contact information and paypal email address ( if applicable ) will be provided to the winning buyer .
i prefer local pickups in the thornhill area , and can arrange to meet the buyer at the promenade shopping centre at a mutually agreed upon date & time .
i 'm also willing to ship this item ( via ups express saver ) to anywhere in canada and the continental united states .
shipping quotes will vary based on your location .
if you 'd like a shipping quote , please send me your postal / zip code .
in order to qualify for shipping , you must have good feedback on hofo , a verified paypal account and a paypal confirmed address .
the item will be shipped out to your paypal confirmed address after full payment is received and the paypal funds have cleared to my account .
i usually ship my items the same business day , provided that i receive a cleared paypal payment before 2 pm ( eastern daylight time ) .
in the rare and unlikely event that i am unable to verify a paypal payment , or if the received funds have not cleared to my account within 24 hours , i reserve the right to cancel the transaction , issue a full refund , and offer this item to another qualified buyer .
for local pickups , i will only accept cash ( bills in the $ 50 denomination or less ) .
if i 'm shipping this item , i will only accept paypal .
no exceptions .
i reserve the right to refuse any offers and / or cancel our sale if you do not agree to the local pickup or shipping terms .
pm is key .
please note that i will only deal with established hofo members with good feedback .
low ballers and hofo members with no feedback will be ignored .
thank you and good luck !
