p0sixninja posts new jailbreak utlities for future jailbreak and unlock options .
p0sixninja posted several utilities which will most likely be used in future jailbreaks and unlock solutions .
here is a description of each from this link http://www.iclarified.com/entry/index.php?enid=9875 p0sixninja from the chronic dev team has announced the release of four new jailbreak utilities and begun publishing the source for greenpois0n .
idevicerestore : a new tool capable of restoring ipsws to devices without the help of itunes .
also capable of doing other neat stuff such as upgrading stock firmware without flashing nor ( to preserve jailbreaks ) or baseband ( to preserve unlocks ) .
ideviceactivate : a new utility to designed to activate devices without the help of itunes .
hopefully soon this will even allow users to activate unlocked devices , or devices without an official at&t sim .
spirit - linux : an open source version of the spirit jailbreak for the linux platform ( and possibly soon others ) .
libirecovery : a library to help developers communicating with iboot , ibss , ibec and dfu , as well as a brand new , completely rewritten , and much improved irecovery .
we 've begun publishing the source for some of our greenpois0n components to help new developers start learning and building their very own jailbreak programs .
each one of these components is named after a different poison and all are available under the gnu public license on our chronic - dev github repositories .
greenpois0n cyanide : is a cross-platform iboot payload toolkit to help developers discover new vulnerabilities and design super fast , low - level iboot jailbreaks and exploit payloads , much like the way blackra1n / purplera1n works .
greenpois0n anthrax : is a cross-platform iphone ramdisk toolkit to help developers design extremely stable and portable ramdisk jailbreaks , much like the same way quickpwn / redsn0w works .
greenpois0n dioxin : is cross-platform mobiledevice toolkit designed to help developers design awesome userlevel jailbreaks , much the same way spirit jailbreak works .
greenpois0n arsenic : new , cross-platform custom firmware toolkit to help developers design jailbreaks to help preserve baseband and keep unlocks , much in the same way pwnagetool / sn0wbreeze works .
p0sixninja also discusses the possible sources for a new unlock , including the one discovered by sherif hashim , a new untethered iboot vulnerability which was discovered by both geohot and chronic - dev team , and a brand new bootrom code execution vulnerability discovered by himself personally ( and probably geohot too ) .
if you would like to contribute you can donation to p0sixninja 's new iphone4g donations fund .
even just donations of old or broken devices is important .
