real world cdma/evdo analysis of how far telus signal reaches past the b.c. / wa border .
earlier this week my wife and i had two separate business trips in seattle .
one for her -lrb- company asked her to informally go out/get to know and meet the company/execs/people who her company had hired to market one of the property developments back in vancouver -rrb- myself ... go and find more distributors for my small i.t. business .
so ... we decided to do both in one trip .
now originally , i had wanted to photograph my odometer starting from the canadian side of the border and monitor while driving south .
unfortunately ... we left in the evening , it was dark and raining plus ... i left my damn camera in my laptop bag stuffed deep in the trunk .
so ... instead i will be showing my results coming back to the canadian border .
1 .
on our way back from seattle ... we stopped at bellisfair mall -lrb- bellingham -rrb- to have dinner at the infamous old country buffet !
from here my phone was roaming on evdo -lrb- there is a small triangle icon above the clock -rrb- and please take note that i 'll start this at roughly 90.7 kms 2 .
as you can see ... we are still quite aways from the border .
please keep in mind that it 's in miles 'cause we 're still in the u.s. 3 .
the picture below now shows that my phone is no longer roaming but in 1x mode .
the small roaming triangle icon has disappeared .
that 's roughly 5.2 kms since it was originally roaming .
i 'm still in the u.s. but again ... i am no longer roaming .
4 .
roughly at 109.8 kms -lrb- still in the u.s. -rrb- my phone reverts back to evdo and continues to not roam .
5 .
slowly heading into the border 6 .
so ... just moments before i approach the border , i take one last snapshot of the odometer .
it 's now at 110.7 kms so if we do the math ... telus signal right at the border -lrb- evdo or cdma1x -rrb- was at 110.7 kms .
telus signal continues right up to 95.9 kms because earlier before that mark , i was roaming with verizon -lrb- evdo and cdma1x -rrb- 110.7 - 95.9 = 14.8 kms !
my unofficial but real world data shows that i did not actually roam until roughly/approximately 14.8 kms past the u.s. border .
to me ... that 's quite good if you live near the b.c. / wa border .
this is what i meant by the buffering agreement with verizon back a few years ago because my friends and family from the u.s. pretty much experience the same heading into canada .
i mentioned this in the other border thread that was closed .
hope this helps those who are seeking this kind of info .
pictures tell a thousand words when one is trying to show real world facts/data !
