incredible vs. iphone4 .
i 'm not sure but i 'm thinking i would still opt for the incredible .
but that 's not to say that the incredible is perfect or that the iphone 4 is not without allure .
here are some random thoughts .
screen : the incredible has an edge here in at least one respect .
slightly larger screen real estate ( 3.7 " vs. 3.5 " ) ... in a world where we 're all using our phones as mini-computers to surf the internet , every tenth of an inch of screen is a plus .
having said this i believe that the form factor suffers too much when you go to 4.3 " screens .
these phones are just plain unwieldy and not comfortable in the hand .
the incredible also probably has an advantage in its use of an oled screen when it comes to color richness and vibrancy .
however , the iphone kills with its incredible ' retina display ' that is nearly 2x the resolution of the incredible .
it will also be more useable in daylight .
the incredible 's display is virtually unuseable in sunlight .
processor : probably a push here .
the snapdragon is a beast and with the upgrade to 2.2 froyo in the next few months it should run even faster than it already does ( which is already blazingly fast ) .
however , the proprietary a4 apple processor is no slouch and apple has an uncanny way of getting the best performance out of everything they design .
i 'd call this one a tie .
operating system : kind of an ' apples and oranges ' thing here .
depends what you 're looking for .
the android system has infinitely more flexibility and opportunities for customization at the expense of a bit more fragmentation and complexity .
definitely not the os you should be looking for if you want your 82 year old mom to join the smartphone ranks .
the improvements that will be occuring with froyo are profound and should improve our end user experiences in myriad ways .
free turn by turn navigation and speech to text abilities ( that actualy works and works almost flawlessly !!! )
are big droid plusses .
however , you have to give apple credit for making stuff that ( as steve jobs says ) " just works . "
and work they do .
iphones are smooth as butter on a hot summer day .
the learning curve is effortless and a retarded person could master it in half an hour .
this would be the definite choice for a tech newbie who has no interest in learning much of anything .
call handling : 1st round tko for the incredible .
now we all know much , if not all of this , is the fault of the truly dreadful att network .
however we do n't know how good of a call maker / receiver the iphone would be on a decent network like verizon .
as it is now , however , the iphone is barely useable as a telephone device .
the incredible otoh is flawless here .
calls are clear , no static and no drops .
camera : again a mixed bag .
on paper the incredible has another win here ( 8 mp to 5mp for the iphone ) , however it does n't have a front facing camera for video chats ( who wants this anyway ... i like not having to look good when i 'm on the phone ... lol ) .
the incredible 's flash is very , very good too but i expect the iphone 's should be pretty much as good .
slight nod to the incredible in this category .
battery life : as it is , the clear winner here is the iphone .
all that is going to change when we get froyo 2.2 but as it is now our battery life is simply dreadful and the iphone 's is much , much better .
ok , so these are just some random thoughts .
i 'd love to know what you guys think .
