telus optik .
vancouver , june 8 / cnw / - telus is revolutionizing home entertainment and communications with a new suite of advanced tv and high speed internet services .
starting today , this new and exciting capability will be known as optik . "
seeing is believing .
optik is a tv and high speed internet service like nothing you 've seen before .
our telus team has tapped the latest fibre optic and ip technologies to bring our customers a compelling set of home entertainment and communications services that can be tailored to their lifestyles , " said joe natale , telus ' chief commercial officer .
optik brings together telus ' most advanced home services - optik tv , powered by the award - winning microsoft mediaroom , and optik high speed , offering internet access speeds of up to 25 megabits per second that can be accessed anywhere in your home with home wi - fi . "
optik represents years of work and billions of dollars invested by telus to build one of canada 's fastest and most extensive fibre optic networks , redefining what home entertainment and communications means to our customers and our company , " mr. natale said . "
optik is the realization of the dream of flexible , two - way entertainment on your tv screen over blazing fast internet connections , and an entertainment experience that provides more connectivity , control and choice to our customers whether surfing the web in their home office or catching a movie in hd with their family . "
mr. natale added that telus ' investment in the expansion of its fibre optic network has given the company the capacity needed to introduce western canadians to the most compelling home entertainment services on the market . "
with our microsoft mediaroom - based optik tv , only telus customers can record up to three programs simultaneously on a single personal video recorder and then play them back on any tv in the home with a digital box , even switching tvs mid-program when life calls for a little flexibility , " mr. natale said . "
the cable monopoly on tv is over and optik now provides consumers with choice and innovation . "
optik tv offers : << - pvr anywhere , networking all tvs in the home with one multi-tuner pvr so customers can pause a recorded show or movie in one room and pick it up in another from where they left off - video on demand with dvd - style controls - picture - in - picture browsing - fast channel changing - call display on your tv .
>> in the near future telus will introduce remote recording , the ability to program your optik tv pvr from a wireless smartphone or web - enabled computer .
as for broadband , telus ' new fibre network is bringing internet speeds of up to 25 megabits per second to customers in b.c. and alberta .
in addition to raw speed , telus ' new optik high speed internet service includes in - home wifi at no additional cost .
with one easy - to - install box in their home , customers can use their computers and printers wherever it suits them without being tethered to a wire .
these advancements are made possible by $ 25 billion in infrastructure investment telus has made across canada since 2000 .
telus is investing another $ 1.7 billion this year to continue expanding its network and bringing faster internet and optik tv to even more homes in alberta and british columbia .
about telus telus ( tsx : t - news , t.a - news ; nyse : tu - news ) is a leading national telecommunications company in canada , with $ 9.6 billion of annual revenue and 11.9 million customer connections including 6.6 million wireless subscribers , 3.9 million wireline network access lines and 1.2 million internet subscribers and 200,000 telus tv customers .
led since 2000 by president and ceo , darren entwistle , telus provides a wide range of communications products and services including data , internet protocol ( ip ) , voice , entertainment and video .
in support of our philosophy to give where we live , telus , our team members and retirees have contributed $ 158 million to charitable and not - for - profit organizations and volunteered 3.1 million hours of service to local communities since 2000 .
nine telus community boards across canada lead telus ' local philanthropic initiatives .
telus was honoured to be named the most outstanding philanthropic corporation globally for 2010 by the association of fundraising professionals , becoming the first canadian company to receive this prestigious international recognition .
for more information about telus , please visit telus.com .
for further information shawn hall , telus media relations , (604) 697-8176 , shawn.hall@telus.com i will post my response below
