official unlock thread : bell canada - samsung galaxy s " vibrant " nam 3g .
edit # 6 : i 'm no longer subscribed to this thread as it has fulfilled its purpose .
this top post will not be kept up to date anymore .
edit # 5 : do it yourself !
bell 's gon na love this .
there is an overall guide posted at xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/show...55#post7776555 it requires you to root your phone ( at your own risk ! )
, copy a file to your computer and then either launch a windows .
exe or examine it with a hex editor .
this will produce an unlock code which you then bring back to the phone .
several posters have confirmed this works for the bell vibrant .
edit # 4 : success !
http://forum.xda-developers.com/show...&postcount=588 the user rhcp0112345 on xda - developers ( also the guy behind mrcellphoneunlocker.com ) has developed an experimental method .
it requires you to root your phone ( at your own risk ! )
, copy a file and send it to him .
for a $ 35 fee he will use the information in the file to generate you an unlock code which will permanently sim - unlock your phone ( even if you later lose root access ) .
several posters have confirmed that this method works .
he is also planning to release an on - device app to hasten the process but it is n't ready yet .
more to come ... edit # 3 : do not give money to unlockgenie for an unlock code to the i9000m .
they have promised ( and accepted money for ) unlock codes , but nobody has actually received a code for the bell vibrant .
it is reported that some customers are getting refunds .
edit # 1 : i must emphasize that i do n't actually own a galaxy s and probably wo n't be buying one for reasons of the almighty dollar , but i started this thread to help everyone keep all the sim - unlocking facts together .
if you send me a private message about this phone i probably wo n't have any answers for you .
happy unlocking !
edit # 2 : if you purchased an unlocked version from a source other than bell canada , please look at the box or the seller 's web site for the 3g / umts / hspa bands .
if it says 850 / 1900/2100 then your phone will work fully on bell / telus / rogers / fido 3g and it 's applicable to this thread .
if it says 900 / 1900/2100 then your phone is the international edition which does n't have both 3g frequencies you need for full coverage in canada - and it 's not applicable to this thread .
there seems to be some concern over in an xda - developers thread that the bell galaxy s vibrant ( which is actually a nam 3g version of the international edition with front - facing camera ) will be very difficult to find sim unlock codes for .
so let 's start this thread as a place to report : 1 ) whether you were able to successfully obtain an unlock code - or not - and from which dealer .
2 ) which non-bell sim you tried in the phone after unlocking , and how well the phone worked on that network .
i hope it 's not out of line for people to name the vendors here , but it would be useful knowledge for lots of forum users .
if it reaches the point that bell vibrant codes are easy to obtain , then clearly this thread wo n't be needed anymore .
update august 10th : no successful unlocks reported , but you can use a virgin mobile canada sim successfully .
originally posted by davidhoeg you can use it with a virgin sim card .
no unlocking required , i am currently using my virgin sim with this phone no problems at all .
also croak over at xda reports : http://forum.xda-developers.com/show...2&postcount=21 i 'm a bell customer now , i own the 9000m , and was told when i called 611 that it was 30 days from my date of purchase , if , and only if i had service with bell for that entire 30 days , prepaid or postpaid .
my " unlock sim " from unlockitnow.com came in today .
it works , telus and at&t ( prepaid ) and vodaphone australia ( prepaid ) sim work in in my 9000m , and both my telus and bell sims work in my captivate .
incoming , outgoing , call forwarding , 3g / hspa data all work on the bell and telus networks , obviously ca n't test the vodaphone , and the at&t only lets me use voice since it 's a prepaid .
i got this sim card after sending them my imei unlock request for my captivate a few weeks ago ( on july 22nd ) and paying $ 14.00 .
they did n't have codes , sent me this instead .
