bell network issues .
and they are refusing to support cdma technical issues .
i have been fighting with bell about a network issue in my community since july .
i called 3 times throughout the summer and was simply told to do a battery pull or take my phone in for repair .
the thing is , it 's not just my phone .
my boyfriend has a blackberry world and i have a blackberry pearl -lrb- which i bought outright 11 months ago -rrb- and we are both having the same problem with dropped calls .
the weird thing is , we got perfect service for over a year after moving into the house , then it shut off like someone flicked a switch in july 2009 .
i will have 4 bars of service , someone calls and nearly every time it drops the call .
currently , i have about a 90 % dropped call rate when i 'm at home on our property .
other cdma customers have had this same problem as well elsewhere in the community .
i finally succeeded last month in getting someone to listen to me .
this person put in a trouble ticket , escalated it , and even identified a tower that seems to be having issues with dropped calls .
i got a call back on the trouble ticket at the end of october simply saying `` we see that there 's a problem with the tower , but hang tight , the hspa network is coming and let 's see if that helps anything .
if not , call back '' .
the hspa network is now here .
i still drop calls .
i called back today .
they looked at my ticket , listened to the issues , and even went through all of my dropped calls and could see they 're all on this tower .
know what their answer was ?
`` i 'm sorry , we are n't taking any more trouble tickets for the cdma network .
because this is only in your area , we are unable to help .
we are now concentrating on the new hspa network . ''
like ... really ?
seriously ?
you are no longer supporting the network that like at least 80 % of your customers are still on ?
their solution is that i went out and buy a brand new hspa compatible blackberry , and to talk to the store or retentions and see if they 'll give me a deal on it .
my contract is up at the end of december .
i told them i 'm not inclined to sign another 3 year contract with them , and they mention that i can buy the phone without a contract .
yeah , for $ 600 i can !
so i have to spend $ 600 with them to get the service i should have with my current phone -lrb- which i purchased for $ 500 11 months ago with the expectation of it working -rrb- .
they refuse to escalate the problem any further .
they refuse to let me talk to anyone higher up .
it has gone through the first level call centre , to tech support , to their help desk , and that 's where i am stuck .
what really sucks though is my boyfriend needs a world edition phone for work , and will be buying a tour 2 when it comes out .
the tour uses the cdma network when he 's home , so he can no longer talk to his customers on his corporate phone -lrb- which the company has like 20,000 numbers with bell -rrb- when he 's home -lrb- where he has a home office -rrb- because bell wo n't support the old network .
basically , he 's out of luck .
i am here because you all are knowledgeable in the area of cell service and dealing with service providers .
what should my next step be ?
rogers does n't offer a suitable plan without signing a 3 year contract .
so aside from the obvious option of switching carriers -lrb- i have been looking at my options with telus -rrb- , what other courses of action could i take ?
i would like to have this problem remedied , if anything , for my boyfriend 's sake so he can use his phone to talk to his customers .
