-lsb- faq -rsb- unlocking iphone 3g .
okay , so given the imminent release of unlocking tool via cydia for iphone 3g , i 'm sure there 'll be a ton of threads popping up asking all sorts of stuff about unlocking .
so here 's my best try on answering all the questions .
1 .
what is significance of unlocking ?
unlocking means you 'll be able to use your iphone with any carrier you want .
for the 3g , this means you wo n't be signed into a 2 year contract if you activate through itunes .
the only time you 'll be in a 2 year contract is if you buy the phone at it 's subsidized price through an official retailer -lrb- att/apple -rrb- .
please do remember that if you want to use iphone 3g on tmobile , you wo n't be able to get 3g speeds , you 'll only be able to get edge .
2 .
when will the unlock be available ?
the eta is within the next 5 or 6 hours .
supposedly before 12:00 am pst .
it may be sooner or maybe a little bit later .
but for sure within the next 24 hours , you 'll be able to unlock your iphone 3g .
3 .
how do i unlock my phone ?
first , you 'll need to have a jailbroken phone that has cydia installed .
when the unlock is released , you 'll download the program via cydia and run the program .
it does not require you to rejailbreak your phone like the first iphone .
again , you do not have to restore and rejailbreak your phone .
4 .
which basebands are unlockable ?
every baseband will be unlockable .
looking at devteam 's website as well as other reliable sources , the most current baseband -lrb- 02.28.00 -rrb- will be unlockable .
so if you 've upgraded to 2.2 software without using a custom firmware , there 's nothing to worry about .
you 'll be able to unlock your phone just fine .
granted , all previous announcements has said that the latest baseband will not be exploitable , so there is a very slight chance that it 's not .
but again , unlocking 0.28.00 is a very recent announcement -lrb- past 2 hours -rrb- , so i 'm inclined to believe that it willl be .
edit : according to the latest information available , the devteam is now advising iphone users to upgrade to the latest baseband , as only version 02.28.00 will be supported by the software unlock .
proceed at your own risk until further information becomes available .
5 .
how do i jailbreak my phone mac : quickpwn windows : quickpwn 6 .
should i use quickpwn or pwnage ?
personally i would suggest using quickpwn .
the main reason for using pwnage was to create a custom firmware that preserved your baseband , leaving it unlockable .
however , due to recent turn of events , you do n't need to preserve your baseband , since 02.28.00 should be unlockable .
there 's been a lot of speculation that jailbreak via quickpwn is more stable and less degrading on performance .
i 've personally done both , and prefer quickpwn because it does seem like my phone runs better , plus it only takes 10min at most .
7 .
whats the name of the program to look for in cydia ?
the name of the software is `` yellowsn0w '' .
hopefully this answers most of your questions .
if you have more feel free to ask .
