the * official * 5 gb data usage " soft cap " discussion thread ! .
this is a topic i 've been needing to discuss for a few weeks now , and despite the fact that it gets mentioned in various threads , i was quite surprised to find out that it does not have a dedicated thread of its own !
thus , i am starting one .
the purpose of this thread is to discuss cricket 's data usage " soft cap " , which is currently set at 5 gb .
if you are using a cricket 3g wireless broadband modem , or a 3g phone used as a tethered modem , and are unfortunate enough to use more than 5 gb in a one month ( 30 day ) period , cricket can and will throttle your download speed severely !
instead of the zippy dsl - style speeds you normally enjoy , you will be given soul - crushing , internet crippling speeds in the 100 kbps range !
worse still is how they implement this policy in regards to how long you have to put up with these crippled speeds !
back around the beginning of october , i had to download a few fairly large files , and i exceeded 5 gb of usage .
cricket wasted no time in throttling my speeds to a snail 's pace .
most carriers , on a policy like this , would reset your " usage meter " , and thus your speed , at the start of the next billing period .
since my billing period starts over on the 15th of the month , i put up with these dog a $ $ slow speeds for about 2 weeks , waiting patiently for the 15th to arrive .
and when it did ... nothing .
i was still experiencing horribly crippled speeds !!!
so , i called customer service ... and that 's when the other shoe dropped .
that 's when i discovered the dirty secret to cricket 's implementation of this policy : they do n't enforce it based on your billing cycles .
according to the cs guy i got , it 's based on a rolling 30 - day cycle .
what does that mean ?
if they look at the last 30 days of usage , from today back , and see over 5 gb of usage , you get the crippled speeds !
does n't matter how long ago you exceeded 5 gb , that does n't count with them .
so , after what feels like forever , i still do n't have my full speed , the speed i pay 40 hard - earned dollars a month for , back !!!
if i wanted to be stuck with edge speeds , i would have kept using my edge blackberry as a tethered modem !!!
next month , t - mobile is finally releasing their long - overdue 3g blackberry .
i wo n't be eligible for upgrade until january , though .
but when january comes around , if i 'm still having to put up with this 100 kbps crippled speed bs , i 'm dropping cricket like a bad habit and just using the 3g blackberry as a tethered modem !
at least t - mobile 's smart phone plans have a 10 gb " soft cap " , instead of this idiotic 5 gb crap that all the carriers pull on their air cards !
and yes , i know there 's now a $ 60 a month , 10 gb plan for " heavy " users .
but i came to cricket because i did not want to pay $ 60 a month for wireless broadband service !
if i 'd wanted to pay that much , i would have gone with one of the big 4 for my 3g service !
so , anyone else care to share their thoughts on this data usage " soft cap " ?
care to share your horror stories about your own encounters with it ?
care to share a dealer 's perspective on it ?
well , the thread is now open for your comments .
i await your replies .
