multitasking : overrated ? .
i do n't think multitasking is worthless .
it serves a purpose , and it may be nice to have , but i do n't think it 's a killer feature , especially with push notifications that can serve more purpose .
some things do genuinely need multitasking though , but those are limited cases .
http://www.engadget.com/2010/03/26/e...mostly-a-myth/ here 's engadget 's point of view .
now , remember they are apple fanbois , but try to think objectively for a minute .
what they have been saying makes good sense .
the android users here and everywhere might understand well .
one of the first few apps we get is a task killer .
sometimes apps go rogue and go mad .
speedtest.net once tried to keep getting a gps signal in my building to figure out what server you use .
with no exit button it kept going .
had to kill it to prevent my battery from dying .
and maybe rarely ( since android tries to manage memory quite well ) , you might need to free up memory .
for those of you complaining about programs randomly being in memory , there 's a difference between a program running in the background and one that 's loaded into memory .
talk to a linux dev and you might understand a little better , but this is typically how things work there .
anyway , the pause / resume tactic of windows mobile 7 is n't that bad to me .
it makes sense .
you do n't have a 24 " widescreen monitor with your phone .
you do n't really need 10 apps running at a time .
what for ?
if you can save state , that 's all you really need .
the exception as engadget points out might be streaming radio ... or maybe turn by turn gps .
that 's pretty much it .
you want to browse and chat ?
you ca n't do both in the same window .
you need 2 apps .
whats ' wrong with saving your browser state , closing it , and then going to msn and then relaunching the browser ?
with phones like the n1 and iphone 3gs that do it all so seamlessly , it 's the same as if you had the programs open all the way .
they 're fast enough .
of course i find many s60 users here crying about it all the time , but there 's really only a few instances where you should need it like streaming radio .
now i hope apple really does up their game and fix this .
a lot of their games too have a pause and resume feature .
you can exit flight control and come back and it 'll have a resume button .
what 's it to you if the program never exited and kept running in the background ?
it 's the same to you .
another thing i 've noticed on android is that people want push notifications .
we do n't really want facebook and twitter running in the background .
we want background notifications like the iphone .
one thing we lack right now is im that has push , and there 's been a lot of talk about it for meebo .
it 's a lot better than having an app open just for the sake of being able to im .
why waste your battery ?
i find it funny people want multitasking so they can chat and surf at the same time ( what many people mentioned on this s60 board before ) , yet its ironic that push notifications will do the trick and save battery ( not to mention your best im app on s60 is still trash compared to the worst im app on android / iphone ) .
so i feel unless you can have 2 apps side by side , it 's quite pointless to scream about multitasking .
i think we need it to some degree , and maybe future oses will provide a better balance .
windows mobile 7 is certainly going in a better direction than iphone 3.0 right now ... .
but we 'll see .
bottom line is i think multitasking is something nice to have .
it can be useful at times , but a lot of cries about it here are more often attempts to bash the hell out of apple when in reality , you can get by just fine on the iphone as it is .
