official unlock thread : telus ( canada ) - htc desire nam 3g .
edit : i must emphasize that i do n't actually own a desire and probably wo n't be buying one for reasons of the almighty dollar , but i started this thread to help everyone keep all the sim - unlocking facts together .
if you send me a private message about this phone i probably wo n't have any answers for you .
happy unlocking !
let 's start this thread as a place to report : 1 ) whether you were able to successfully obtain an unlock code for your telus desire - or not - and from which dealer .
2 ) which non-telus sim you tried in the phone after unlocking , and how well the phone worked on that network .
i hope it 's not out of line for people to name the vendors here , but it would be useful knowledge for lots of forum users .
if it reaches the point that telus desire codes are easy to obtain , then clearly this thread wo n't be needed anymore .
positive report # 1 : originally posted by jimmy_z i just did it with the ebay guy for $ 50 .
it seriously took 2 minutes to receive my code and it worked great !!
very expensive but i could n't wait any longer .
i had a new desire sitting in the box on my desk .
too hard to resist !!
in this case the ebay seller in question is " mobilexpresscanada " .
positive report ( s ) # 2 : originally posted by 00taffy sorry , i was too excited .
cellunlock.net like everyone else .
i paid $ 15 .
i 've been waiting since friday at 3:30 .
and yes the unlock worked fine - you have to enter the code in twice , but it does work .
hope that helps .
originally posted by fungflex he ordered from cellunlock as did i. i paid $ 15 on friday at 6 pm using a coupon on this website and it took from then until just this second .
i have a feeling they will begin coming much faster now since they updated the database .
originally posted by chunkdude and im unlocked .
as said by someone else you got ta enter the code twice ( even though it says successful the first time ) but yeah , looks like it worked originally posted by james.p just received the code 5 minutes ago - bought from cellunlock for 15 $ with coupon code , like most everyone in this thread .
as stated earlier , you have to enter the code twice .
works perfectly , and they kept us up to date throughout the waiting process - very very satisfied with cellunlock for the service and price .
and i 'm absolutely in love with this phone !
