engadget meet up pix and all ! .
so i made it to the meet up , missed the first raffle in which they gave away all three s ^ 3 devices , two n8 's and a c7 .
and stayed around hoping i could catch a galaxy s so or one of 4 epic 4g 's they were giving away so i could sell it and get an n8 . .
but no luck .
there was a nokia stand with n8 's , c7 's , c6 - 01 's , x3 's and . .
the e7 .
also it seemed like i was the only other person next to the 3 guys working there that had a nseries phone because as soon as i checked a text message the guy was like " man is that an x6 , hey guys look - this guy has an x6 " to his partners , and i got there towards the end of the night . .
one of them three , the guy that said that , had a green n8 , and the green is not that green as it seems in some pictures .
it 's very light , almost the same color as the sony ericsson t650 in green .
ok well here is some eye candy from my x6 . .
they all feel awesome , build quality is amazing on all of them , the c6 is the smallest one but very heavy for it 's size and it feels like it 's the best build .
the e7 has to be pushed with both thumbs to slide it , i tried doing it with one hand but i felt like it would slip from over my fingers on the opposite side and fall down .
the slide is very very sturdy , absolutely no sign of wobble / wiggle , it 's either closed or open there 's no in between or quarter of the way , it 'd take some effort to stop it in between .
except for the design and camera they are all the same phone .
oh and i hate the e7 camera , it does n't even have a two - point camera button , no focus , you click it and it takes a picture as if it 's a blackberry . .
the three guys working there - two from nokia , one from ovi , said - update wise - everything is just waiting to be released , all the s ^ 3 phones will get all the updates that were supposed to be for s ^ 4 and things like swype for the n8 is coming very soon .
not sure what else to add . .
oh they had a n8 hooked up to a 32 " lcd , one of the guys was playing avatar the game - it looked like a good ps1 game on a good tv , or a decent ps2 game .
very nice .
