bell galaxy s gps reception issue .
feeling ca n't get unlocked in a short time , so i return my bell galaxy s to future shop yesterday .
before return , of course , i reset it to factory setting .
but after that , when i tried the gps , it wo n't work well .
if you do a google search `` galaxy s gps issue '' , you 'll find quite a few complaining about the us version of galaxy s gps problem .
but not sure our bell version could have the same issue too ?
here 're my steps to reproduce the problem : 1 -rrb- do a factory reset .
2 -rrb- manually delete some directories in the internal sd , since the factory reset did n't do it .
3 -rrb- dial '' * # * # 1472365 # * # * '' , it will take u to the gps debug mode .
tap the `` get position '' , it will try to connect gps and calculate the position .
before resetting , it was quite fast , in 5-10 seconds it will give you the position info .
but after resetting , the position info never shown , though at the bottom those satellites info still shown -lrb- about 8 of them shown -rrb- .
but very strange , the position info not come out .
4 -rrb- so i tried reset to factory setting again .
then try step 3 -rrb- .
still the same result .
i was wondering if any dir/file was deleted by me in the internal sd which could be the cause of the gps issue ?
but it 's not logical .
first the the `` factory resetting '' is suppose to do everything it needs to set it to original state -lrb- i did two resetting -rrb- .
second , i guess those system apps are installed in the internal flash memory , instead of internal sd .
but as those satellites info still there , so i assume the hardware still working , while it could be something wrong with the testing software ?
and i did n't try other gps apps , like map or navigon .
i do n't want to set everything up since i reset it for return .
though , i really like galaxy s , and thinking of get it again once 3rd part unlock is available .
but this gps issue really worries me .
so folks , could you please try the same thing and test the gps .
if more people can reproduce it , then it will be real problem , though i hope mine is the special case ?
