new provider appears ... craig wireless systems ltd. ?? .
http://www.itworldcanada.com/news/cr...-spring/140060 the country?s first mobile wimax network is a step closer to signing up business and residential subscribers .
craig wireless systems ltd. said tuesday that the first phase of its new vancouver wireless system is finished , with commercial deployment expected early in the second quarter . ?
we?re absolutely elated ?
that the downtown vancouver coverage is done , said robert vandenbos , the company?s chief strategist . ?
we can not wait .
we?re getting ready with the parade to sign up that first paying customer . ?
for the time being , however , only select members of the media and other interested people will be able to give it a test drive using wimax - enabled usb or desktop modems .
initially , along with a fixed outdoor antenna for businesses , that?s how subscribers will get service .
however , vandenbos said there?s a good chance that later this year craig will be selling handsets as well , putting the company eventually up against seven cellular and wireless providers in one of the most competitive markets in north america .
that includes incumbents bce inc. ?
s bell canada , rogers communications and telus corp. , and soon - to - launch startups wind mobile and mobilicity .
cableco shaw communications will likely join next year , as eventually novus wireless .
asked how craig will appeal to businesses , vandenbos emphasized wimax?s speed and the ability to access the network around vancouver . ?
the speeds will be four to five times greater ?
than the newest bell , rogers and telus networks , he said .
the trio say their networks can get download up to 21 mpbs , but only under ideal conditions .
the more people on the network the slower it gets .
vandenbos said craig?s wimax service will average 6 mpbs , with bursts up to 10 mbps .
the completion of the first stage of the network has been a long time coming for the company , which has been planning for several years to switch to the speedy wimax technology from its fixed legacy wireless service in the lower b.c. mainland and winnipeg .
vandenbos said wimax service will debut in winnipeg later this year .
also later this year coverage will be extended to the lower mainland , and after that to vancouver island and the b.c. interior .
having service only in two provinces could be a limiting factor to some potential subscribers who would want to use their devices on the road .
the only other holders of wimax spectrum are bce inc. ?
s bell canada and rogers communications , who so far have yet to put it into commercial use .
the two carriers currently use a proprietary pre-wimax technology on their shared inukshuk service to underserved areas of the country .
they have no plans to use their wimax spectrum in cities , where they already have other high speed wireless networks .
however , vandenbos hopes craig wireless will have a roaming agreement with the two u.s. wimax carriers , sprint nextel corp. and clearwire corp. ?
in the very near future . ?
clearwire?s clear service is offered in seattle , portland , las vegas , dallas , chicago , philadelphia and atlanta .
wimax is going to appear within canada to provide data services and handsets later this year .
