tutorial : making album art work ( most lg phones ) .
ok , so i have seen a lot of people complaining that their album art doesn?t display , etc. , etc. .
i?ve never had problems with my mp3s on my phones , so i am going to set out to write a little guide on how i do it .
this guide is for you if : you own an lg vcast phone ?
this is most of them now days you want to have your music show up right on your phone?s music player .
you want your album art to work .
you don?t mind doing things yourself ... including thinking .
what i?ll be using : hardware : my phone ?
lg voyager memory card ?
this is in the phone , mine is 4 gig ( more storage than all of my first 10 computers put together ? )
usb data cable ?
came in the box software : windows xp mce sp3 ( this is a fancy way of saying i don?t own vista ) don?t forget to install the drivers for your phone !!!! if you want to sync , you will fail without drivers !!!
1111oneone windows media player 10 - yes , windows media .
i don?t use itunes , i don?t want itunes , i don?t like itunes .
- yes , v10 . .
there was something about v11 that made me want to downgrade at some point . .
i don?t remember . .
- these being said , the syncing process may still be ok with itunes or wmp 11 . .
i just have n't tried - vcast music player appears to be very similar to wmp , but i never use it because it?s bloated and poorly written .
ok . .
got that stuff out of the way ?
so let?s assume you have figured out how to rip music off a cd and / or you already have a library of music ?
or you are downloading music from your favorite torrent tracker .
anyways , you have a folder with music in it .
like this one : this is a great cd ?
the journey ahead , by the inspirations .
now , my songs here are in mp3 format already .
you can configure wmp to rip direct to mp3 and not use wma format .
if you really like wma . .
good for you , your phone will play them . .
but i prefer mp3 because of the portability , compatibility , etc. .
if you happened to download music in wma format , but you prefer mp3 . .
just google for a program to batch convert them .
xp media center edition ( mce ) comes with a built in audio converter . .
it works well .
you can download a program called switch , or any other number of methods to convert .
wma to .
mp3 ?
but that?s a different tutorial .
now , ordinarily , if you were to sync the music right to your phone . .
or . .
if you just drag and drop them into the my_music folder on the sd card . .
you get something that looks like this : no album art , how boring ? .
so here?s what you do : pop open windows media player and find your album .
select it all , and then right click on one of the tracks .
in the context menu you get two options on how to do this .
first , you can click on ?
find album info ?
you can also have wmp set to find this info automatically ( if available , and you are online ) at the time you rip the album .
again , that 's great , it makes things easy .
now this will work great if you listen to mainstream music .
you know , what everyone else listens to .
there are some obscure albums in microsoft?s library , but usually they?re not listed quite right .
if you can get album info through this method . .
it?s best .
it usually comes with the cover art , as well .
but , as you can see . .
my album loads the album art . .
but the tracks are all jacked up . .
so we?ll be entering info manually .
just google for the album cover .
they?re best if you can find one that?s only a few kilobytes . .
since it?s so small anyways?if you are happy with the album info you got from wmp?s database , skip the next step .
now then . .
go ahead and right click on the tracks again and choose ?
advanced tag editor ? .
this brings up a dialogue with a number of choices for filling in the info . .
album title , year , composer . .
all that stuff .
you can choose to do the files 1 by one . .
or you can do them in bulk .
the one i want to focus on is this , though .
choose the tab called ?
pictures ? .
so this is where we can associate album pictures with our tracks .
my pictures are about 12k and sized at roughly 75x75 px . .
very small .
remember they are going to be embedded into each track , so you want them to be small in size .
click on ?
add ?
and then browse for your picture .
open in , and you should see it associated with your track now .
just choose its type as ?
cover ( front ) ? .
and click ok .
make sure , while you are doing this , that the track numbers are all in place as well .
now , let?s add this to our phone .
you can either put the files directly onto your memory card in the my_music folder , which is probably best if you don?t have a data cable for your phone ?
or you can sync it right from wmp .
now , as for file names . .
keep it under 32 chars , and don?t use any special characters , either . .
remember that since you plugged in all the info into the id3 tag . .
the file name is now irrelevant .
you could call it ?
foo.mp3 ?
and it would still work .
i?m going to sync these , for sake of consistency .
so here we go , select all your tracks , right click , and choose ?
add to ?
and then ?
sync list ? .
you?ll notice that the ?
sync ?
tab in wmp now lists all of your shiny new tracks there , but no device .
you have to put your phone into sync mode .
some phones are set to do this automatically when you plug them in , or to give a little dialogue like this one : if you see this screen , just choose sync music .
if not , go to menu - > get it now ( or media center ) - > music & tones - > sync music after a few seconds of ?
connecting ?
and ?
initializing ?
and waiting . .
you will be greeted with a friendly screen that says you are connected .
now , on the computer you will also see that your phone has been recognized .
click on ?
start sync ?
and watch the magic .
depending on how much music you are syncing at once ?
this might be a minute .
just wait it out ?
while you are waiting , please enjoy this : ok ?
so on the phone , now go ahead an end the sync process and fire up your music .
and there you have it .
album art , the tracks art in the right order , id3 data is there . .
and you can enjoy your music .
