new moto 4.3 " device coming : details .
take it for what its worth , but this is not hear - say .
i guess only time will prove ... .
a moto tech is a regular customer of mines , i 'm a bartender .
noticed his device & caught my attention .
little did i know ... would be blown away .
i played around with it ( reference to # 2 below ) .
had the " confidential blah blah " engraved on the side .
can not share pics .
here is some " info " next big android software update " froyo " ( forgot how its spelled ) will bring 3d app drawer to droid ( still in process & tentative ) moto just signed a deal to use new chips with a computer chip manufacture , nvidia to make future chips for future devices 1 . "
droid 2 " this is already in works 1ghz processor same basic design , bottom is more curved / beveled , but better keyboard .
2 .
unknown name as of now ( forgot to take off the battery cover ) 4.3 " screen ( not amoled ) 8mp cam odd but so far not planned for 1ghz processor .
this one had a 770 mhz moto blur 2.1 hdmi output records @ 720p physical buttons in front ( like htc hd2 ) the " camera button " ( physical ) is metallic red like htc has been doing .
yes , its verizon as it has the verizon branding on it its final build stages .
software still not final revision .
very slick design & thin .
the back is thin from bottom then when it gets towards top of phone , it buldges up to a thicker part ( hard to describe ) to me , its the answer to htc evo i wanted the evo & planned on going to spring ... but now , i will be waiting for this gem because i 've been with bigred for 10 years ( i 'm 26 ) .
yes i know , no 4g / lte .
he told me slated for father 's day release ... .
few answers to question i know may arise within this thread : no , i was not drunk no , he was not drunk yes , i know i should 've gotten him drunk so he could 've " dropped " this device ( alas iphone g4 ) no , i can not share pics no , this was not a strip club yes , i 'm 100 % it was not htc evo nor hd2 .
yes , verizon branded on top of screen & moto logo on back ( did n't have " google " anywhere on it ) yes , i 'm sure it was motoblur ( 2.1 ) no , its nothing that 's been leaked on the net .... yet ... [ pause ] no , it is not a device from overseas .
again , verizon branded .
what 's the point of this with no pics ?
1 .
someone will appreciate this for something to look forward to .
2 .
some " eyes " snooping here know exactly which device i played with .
sincerely , omar aka brim aka - xiv -
