fs : factory unlocked 16gb iphone 3g -lrb- black -rrb- .
i 'm selling this factory-unlocked black 16gb iphone since i 've upgraded to the 3gs .
i 'm going to try a few forums and craigslist first , and will go to ebay only if i need to .
a kind co-worker with family in new zealand bought this for me last october and shipped it to me brand new .
it has had a case and/or decalgirl skin on it since day 1 , as well as an anti-glare screen protector .
i have the box and all accessories ?
the power adapter and usb cord are brand new and have never been used , while the headphones will be used , albeit gently .
the power adapter is for new zealand , so a buyer in another location will need to get one for their own country or just charge it via usb with the included cable .
it is in excellent condition showing only minor wear on the chrome bezel and a few marks on the back -lrb- ironically from my incase slider -rrb- and has never been dropped or abused .
the screen is flawless .
i have had no problems with it whatsoever .
again , this is a factory unlocked version , and it has and will remain unlocked through any firmware update from apple .
i have used it successfully with local sim cards while traveling abroad in europe .
it is currently running the 3.1 firmware .
apple 's site states that it 's under warranty until october 19 , 2009 , though apple may decline to provide service for it outside of new zealand where it was sold .
more pictures are available - i can email high-res ones if you pm me your email address .
no trades , paypal only .
asking $ 450 , shipping included for buyers in the u.s. only .
i want to clear $ 450 after paypal fees , so please keep this in mind , particularly if you are outside of the u.s. and will be paying with funds that will need to be converted to usd and therefore subject to additional paypal fees .
if you 're local to the boston area , i am also willing to meet in person for the transaction and will accept cash in this case .
my ebay id is mneckles and i have 100 % positive feedback -lrb- member since 2001 -rrb- and my heatware id is r6girl .
