digital camera news : large format prints , digital/film camera bundle , fujifilm memory cards ... .
order large format prints at pixel outpost pixel outpost has launched a new internet service to allow customers to order large format prints , up to 60 inches wide .
they can do prints on either paper or canvas .
from the press release : `` by focusing solely on large format prints , pixel outpost is able to provide a streamlined experience geared towards single-image upload and processing .
users can overlay and format type anywhere on their photo in order to create prints that are great for occasions and big impressions .
the site has easy-to-use tools that allow users to trim photos , adjust the photo characteristics and even let users `` paint '' their photos with an online dry brush filter .
the turnaround is fast , with prints shipping the day after an order is placed . ''
visit http://www.pixeloutpost.com to view pricing -lrb- starting at $ 24 , with a 10 % discount for new customers -rrb- and the different types of canvas and paper that they offer .
rollei announces medium format film/digital camera bundle definitely out of the budget for anyone but the professional , rollei has announced a camera bundle that includes the 6008 af medium format camera , digital back , editing software , and lenses .
the interchangeable back allows photographers to shoot on film or digitally .
the db20p digital back has a resolution of 16 megapixels and can saves pictures in raw , tiff and jpeg files .
depending on image format , camera images range from 48-128 mb per pictures and can be stored to compact flash .
the rechargeable battery can handle 250 shots and 45 shots per minute .
lenses from schneider kreuznach and carl zeiss are included in the bundle , which will set you back about $ 15,000 .
fujifilm announces new memory cards fujifilm has announced new media card `` formats '' aimed at the professional and consumer .
the new cards , in secure digital , compactflash , xd-picture , mmcplus and the new mmc mobile formats will be sport more distinctive packaging and will offer lifetime warranties -lrb- on the professional line -rrb- .
sd format : the new sd cards will be available in 60x and 133x speeds .
the 60x cards will be available in 256mb , 512mb and 1gb sizes while the 133x cards -lrb- 20mb/sec transfer -rrb- will be available in 512mb and 1gb sizes .
compactflash : new compact flash cards will be available at 40x and 133x speeds .
the 40x card will be available in 256mb-4gb sizes and the 133x cards will be available in 1gb-8gb sizes .
xd picture card : new 1gb capacity -lrb- for a range of offerings starting at 16mb -rrb- mmcplus cards : the mmcplus cards will replace mmc format , offering an increase in speed .
the cards are designed to be backward and forward compatible in 128mb to 1gb sizes .
mmcmobile : designed for mobile phones , in capacities of 64mb to 1gb and dual voltage -lrb- 1.8 v and 3.3 v -rrb- .
mini secure digital : also designed for mobile phones , with capacity up to 1gb .
they include an adapater to allow mini sd cards to be used in standard sd slots .
minox and leica sever ties press release : the company minox gmbh , based in wetzlar , has broken free from its co-partner , leica camera ag , and has made itself fully independent .
general manager thorsten kortemeier already took over the traditional brand when he acquired 51 percent of the minox partnership capital in 2001 -- at that time 49 percent were left in the possession of leica .
small and adaptable , defying the difficult market environment -- this company concept launched four years ago worked .
boasting a high level of flexibility the new minox gmbh has been able to systematically expand its activities and also the profits .
primarily known as manufacturer of the famous miniature camera minox now focuses on new product lines and special forms of marketing .
these small and ingenious minox products are in strong demand , also as high quality rewards and advertising gifts .
the top seller is the sport optics sector -- this is where sales have actually doubled over the previous four years .
and just recently , minox was presented the german design award for its successful binocular development .
thorsten kortemeier comments : `` it was the right decision to focus on new sales channels and lucrative niche markets .
more innovative products will be launched this year securing the ongoing growth of minox gmbh . ''
