five new pentax da lenses announced .
working in tandem with its new dslr releases , pentax has announced the addition of five new da-series lenses to its lineup .
new glass includes two additions to the da * line of high-end lenses , a new limited macro lens , and an improved version of the company 's 18-55mm kit lens .
smc pentax da * 200mm f/2 .8 ed -lrb- if -rrb- sdmpentax 's da * 200mm is one of two new da * models expanding the firm 's premium prime telephoto options .
the new lens features a super-sonic sdm focusing motor for rapid , near-silent focusing , a maximum aperture of f/2 .8 , and ca-compensating ed glass elements .
as with previous models in this series , the da * 200mm is weather and dust resistant.smc pentax da * 300mm f/4 ed -lrb- if -rrb- sdmif 200mm simply is n't enough range , pentax is also rolling out a new 300mm , f/4 variant in the da * series .
as with the 200mm version , the lens features sdm drive , quick shift focus system for rapidly changing between manual and auto focus , ed lens elements , and pentax 's protective sd coating .
the nearly mandatory -lrb- we dare you to hand-hold this lens -rrb- tripod mount is included .
smc pentax da 35mm f/2 .8 macro limitedthe latest offering in pentax 's limited series of lenses , this 35mm macro unit provides range roughly equivalent to a 50mm version in the familiar 35mm format .
key features include high-grade aluminum construction , sp coating , and quick shift focus system flexibility.smc pentax da 18-55mm f/3 .5 -5.6 al ii the new kit lens , designed for pentax 's k20d , looks nearly identical to the original version , but has been optically redesigned to provide the kind of performance mandated by the k20d 's 14.6 megapixel sensor as with its predecessor , the 18-55mm provides an ideal zoom range for everyday shooting situations , and the updated model includes spherical lens elements for distortion correction and sp coating for glass protection .
smc pentax da 55-300mm f/4 -5.8 edproviding a moderate to extreme telephoto complement to pentax 's kit lenses , this lens covers a range equivalent to roughly 80-450mm in traditional 35mm format .
pentax 's sd coating protects the front and rear lens elements , and the lens supports instant-switch quick shift focus technology.no official word from pentax at press time on pricing or anticipated sales release dates for any of these models .
