the important tips on buying digital cameras online .
with the popularity of e-commerce , many people tend to buy the essentials through online shops .
shopping online for a digital camera is the best way to locate detailed descriptions of all the camera options available .
then you will be able to make your choices based on these descriptions .
given below are some of the features you can ponder before shopping digital cameras online for your needs .
first , the number of megapixels is one of the major consideration factors .
being an entry level photographer you can select from point and shoot compact digital cameras with fewer megapixels , ideally close to 5 megapixels .
such camera is very easy to handle and capture high quality images simultaneously .
if you are not on a budget and want to step into professional photography , then you &#8217; d better go for a slr-like or a dslr camera with higher resolution , lets say 7 mega pixels and above .
5 mega pixel cameras will provide you with print size up to a4 and 8 mega pixels will provide up to a3 print size .
smaller than 5 mp is a good choice for web images and computer albums and higher than 8 will be ideal for posters and such art works .
look for a good zoom lens .
keep in mind that lenses are the eyes of your camera and they provide half of the quality of your images if not more so save some money for good lenses .
you might have noticed some body only camera in the advertisement of different companies .
this is actually a dslr camera which enables you to take the shots at a faster speed .
the body only camera does not come with lens and you need to purchase that separately .
it also gives you an option to change the lens .
changing lens provides an opportunity to capture the images with different lenses .
look for both types of viewfinders .
good digital cameras will have both an optical viewfinder and lcd display screen .
buy a camera that uses rechargeable batteries .
the quality of the battery of a digital camera is very important .
digital camera consumes battery very quickly .
better are cameras that offer rechargeable batteries .
there are different types of memory cards with variety of technical features and advantages .
all of them have distinct storage capacity .
the most common memory card is compact flash , secure digital and xd picture card .
but some of the cameras are compatible with one particular memory card .
the compact flash memory -lrb- cf -rrb- card is cheaper than the secure digital memory -lrb- sd -rrb- card .
it &#8217; s wise to buy additional memory to avoid running out of storage at an inconvenient time .
know your budget .
this is most definitely a deciding factor .
it is a wise decision not to spend too much money on a digital camera if you are a first time user .
you can select the one that costs less and fits your budget with proper features and functions of your choice .
once you master of all the controls , go for an update .
in case you want to start with a dslr camera and you want to do bird photography , instead of buying an eos 5d you can start with eos 350d or eos 20d .
then after mastering the options you can manage an upgrade .
choose safe online store .
there are myriads of websites available on the internet where you can shop , but remember to exercise caution when deciding on the genuine and safe ones .
it &#8217; s always a good idea to carry out a research and shop only on trusted shopping portals .
remember to include the shipping costs when calculating the total price of a camera or lenses .
to be sure you are satisfied with your purchase , look for the key features and quality you want .
