pentax announces $ 200 price drop on pentax * ist dl .
in another sign that the digital slr market is still just heating up , pentax has announced a $ 200 price drop on their * ist dl digital slr .
the single lens kit -lrb- camera and 18-55mm da lens -rrb- will be available for $ 599.95 starting on february 1 , 2006 .
to fill up your camera bag , pentax has nine lenses built to work with their digital slr bodies .
rebates of up to $ 100 can be found on select lenses until march 31 , 2006 .
for more details , see www.pentaxslr.com .
press release : golden , co -lrb- february 1 , 2006 -rrb- ... pentax imaging company has announced a significant price adjustment on the * ist dl digital slr camera with 18-55 da lens kit .
the price reduction from $ 799.95 us to $ 599.95 us takes effect february 1 , 2006 .
`` digital single lens reflex cameras with interchangeable lenses are gaining in popularity as products have become easier-to-use and prices have fallen , '' said ed lee , director , consumer services and digital photography trends service infotrends , inc. `` consumers wavering between a higher-end compact digital and a digital slr will take note of this new pentax pricing as will consumers who have been considering an upgrade to a digital slr , '' added lee .
world-renowned for decades for delivering small , lightweight , easy-to-use and affordable slr systems including bodies , lenses and flashes , pentax now offers a suite of nine digital lenses specifically designed for use with pentax digital slr bodies .
rebates up to $ 100.00 us on select lenses are currently available through march 31 , 2006 .
more details are available at www.pentaxslr.com . ''
pentax is the first camera manufacturer to offer a digital slr kit at a price that entry-level users can afford , '' said ned bunnell , marketing director , pentax imaging company .
`` in fact , pentax is repeating our heritage of 30 years ago when we introduced the k1000 , one of the most popular and affordable entry-level film slrs ever manufactured , '' added bunnell .
pentax introduced the k1000 slr film camera in 1976 and sold more than 2.5 million units during the life cycle of the product .
though no longer manufactured , the camera remains popular among students and beginners for its durability , affordability and easy operation in learning the basic fundamentals of photography .
pentax imaging company is an innovative leader in the production of cameras , sport optics , lenses , mobility products , and internet cameras .
for more than 80 years , pentax technology has developed durable , reliable products that meet the needs of consumers and businesses .
pentax imaging company is a division of pentax of america , inc. , a wholly owned subsidiary of pentax corporation of japan .
pentax is a trademark of pentax corporation .
