digital camera news : unplug to save energy , keep your camera close , camera jails pervert .
unplug power adapters to save energy we all have several , or perhaps dozens , of consumer electronic devices .
notebooks , cameras , pdas , cell phones and other gizmos that need to be re-charged .
of course our electronics draw energy while they charge , that 's the point really .
but what a lot of people do n't know is the ac adapters also draw a charge even when the device is fully charged or in some cases not even plugged in .
so , do the world a little good and unplug lesser used adapters .
tvs are n't the only energy-chugging gadgets in the home .
anything that comes with an external power source , such as an adapter or charger , can also bloat energy bills .
with the proliferation of cell phones , laptops , handheld computers , digital cameras and digital music players , every person in the u.s. has an average of five external power adapters , the epa said .
the problem is that most adapters are incredibly inefficient , with many current models utilizing only 30 to 60 percent of the electricity they process , according to the epa .
in addition , adapters will continue to consume a steady trickle of energy even when they 're not in use -- a problem that plagues many home electronics .
`` it 's wasting electricity the whole time it 's plugged in , '' ambarian said .
tcmnet has more .
chinese official has notebook and digital camera stolen we hear about stolen notebooks all the time , in fact one `` turned up '' last week with details about iran 's nuclear plans .
it obviously happens with cameras too , so this is just a friendly reminder to keep an eye on your belongings , especially when travelling .
it 's easy to swipe and sell a digital camera ; ebay 's made a great conduit for such crimes .
new delhi : chinese visitors got a taste of city 's hospitality when a bag of top air force official was allegedly stolen from a five-star hotel in new delhi area .
in a report given to a city court , the delhi police said investigations in the case were still pending and they were yet to recover the official 's $ 5000 , laptop and digital camera .
chinese air force official , yang , was busy taking pictures of his delegates at maurya hotel 's lobby and had kept his bag containing the valuables on a couch on sunday .
the impromptu photo session ended on a sour note when yang 's bag could not be traced .
full story ... digital camera lands child porn suspect in jail one of those , thank goodness for technology times .
some sick individual took his camera into a best buy near boston to get help deleting images off his camera .
when the store employees saw what he had , they immediately called police , who ended up catching the pervert .
quick-thinking employees at a braintree best buy stunned by a customer 's graphic photos stalled the suspect while flagging police .
the customer , police say , turned to best buy for help in deleting the alleged child pornography from his digital camera .
the employees distracted the suspect while police making a drug bust in the parking lot were alerted .
police quickly arrived to interview store employees .
detectives learned that a man , later identified as larry e. laube , 59 , of braintree , had just run out of the store toward the back of the building .
police cornered the suspect after watching his friend attempt to pick him up in a car .
full story ...
