kodak easyshare v610 digital camera first thoughts .
the holy grail of the digicam wars has always been a user friendly , high resolution , long zoom digital camera that 's small enough to drop in a shirt pocket .
the problem with this concept is that it 's very difficult to build a tiny camera with a decent quality long zoom .
kodak valiantly attempts to bridge the gap between micro-cams and monster-zoom digicams with the new easyshare v610 , the world 's smallest -lrb- 4.4 x2 .2 x0 .9 inches -rrb- 10x zoom digicam .
-lrb- view large image -rrb- the auto exposure -lrb- ae -rrb- v610 features coupled twin schneider-kreuznach 5x variogon optical zooms -lrb- 38mm-114mm and 130mm-380mm -rrb- , dual 6 megapixel ccd image sensors -lrb- one for each lens -rrb- , and a large 2.8 inch lcd screen .
the v610 also provides bluetooth -lrb- 2.0 edr -rrb- connectivity for transmitting images wirelessly to bluetooth compliant computers , pda 's , camera phones , and kodak easyshare printers .
if all that 's not enough , the v610 also features kodak 's perfect touch technology , which allows users to correct images post-exposure -lrb- and view the corrected result side-by-side with the original on the camera 's lcd screen -rrb- , and a nifty panorama mode that permits users to seamlessly stitch together up to three sequential images via an lcd template .
-lrb- view large image -rrb- kodak 's design folks really pushed the boundaries of miniaturization with this camera .
the ultra-compact v610 is stylish and user friendly and ergonomics are surprisingly good for such a tiny camera - with logically placed controls and easily accessed features .
image quality is noticeably -lrb- and consistently -rrb- better than expected .
kodak 's new easyshare v610 will appeal to beginning photographers , casual snap-shooters -lrb- including those just making the jump to digital -rrb- , family shutterbugs , and space/weight conscious travelers .
i would n't buy a v610 for myself -lrb- or recommend it to other serious photographers -rrb- , but i would buy it for my wife and recommend it to my non-techie friends .
sample images -lrb- view medium image -rrb- -lrb- view large image -rrb- -lrb- view medium image -rrb- -lrb- view large image -rrb- -lrb- view medium image -rrb- -lrb- view large image -rrb-
