users speak out about the canon powershot s410 digital camera .
welcome to another installment of `` users speak out ... '' this time , we 're going to take a look at the canon powershot s410 .
with an upcoming review from us , we thought you 'd like to see what everyone else is saying .
the opinions will be chosen based on the value of the information -lrb- in our opinion -rrb- to our readers .
we wo n't necessarily pick only the `` positive '' opinions or only the `` negative '' opinions .
we 'll pick the opinions that we think will be most helpful to you as you shop for and compare cameras .
to see all opinions , click through to the product detail , and click the `` view opinions '' link .
the powershot s410 has a 4 megapixel sensor , 1.5 inch lcd and and optical 3x zoom .
below are some opinions from users of the camera .
opinions excellent pictures - a few shortcomings - chuck porter pros : this camera 's picture quality -lrb- detail , color , etc -rrb- is simply amazing .
there are many -lrb- newer -rrb- cameras that have longer or more impressive sounding feature lists but their pictures just do n't compare .
do n't be fooled.cons : my biggest gripe about this camera is the proprietary battery -lrb- which i think is a symptom of the core design 's age -rrb- .
it 's a real pain if you travel a lot because you do n't have the convenience of simply buying some aas in a pinch .
you constantly have to plan your charging on a long trip -lrb- and you also have to buy an extra battery so figure that into the cost -rrb- .
*** less important -lrb- to me -rrb- *** it feels a bit dated in terms of size/weight and features .
it 's small , but not the smallest .
it 's heavy for its size .
the video mode is archaic .
better than my a70 - smr99si pros : well i got this camera due to a mix up with my a70 -lrb- got it for the same price -rrb- everything is going well so far .
easy navigation , ease of taking pics ... have yet to develop pics , but i havent had any problems with it so far ... knock on wood .
really small and easy to take pics .
nice time for movie mode.cons : cant find any so far ... wish there was some type of case for it , like a cell phone case bc i 'm so worried about dropping ... this is a great little camera - jimmy k pros : used it right out of the box without reading any manuals and starting taking great pics !
took them to get printed out and held my breath a little but was amazed at the outcome .
the pictures were sharp and clear .
the indoor shots came out a bit darker than with a 35mm but that did n't bother me .
lack of many manual controls should not bother most people .
just power it up and keep shooting .
startup time is quite .
the size is great to out in your pocket and it has a nice heft to it .
as for cases , they sell a nice leather case just for this camera and it does work .
trust the reviews on here that this really is a great camera.cons : lcd is on the smallish side and i did have 1 bad pixel on it .
but it does n't take away from the pictures so i kept the camera as is .
also you will need to buy a second battery as the power drains pretty fast and there is not a lot of warning time .
always keep 1 spare charged battery handy .
great for the average joe - joe blow pros : the automatic settings deliver a perfect picture with minimal experience .
the resolution is better than some of my friends 4mp camera 's , and it blows away anything in the 2-3mp range.cons : not a lot of manual settings , but there is a manual option .
you set the manual options once and dial them in .
if you want to change anything you must go through a menu .
some other models have a dozen manual settings designed for specific situations .
its worth every penny !
- peter p pros : compact , great image quality for an ultra compact camera .
i was stuck between this camera and the pentax s4i ... but the s410 's image quality is light years ahead of the pentax 's while still being super compact .
its great that i could keep this in my pocket and take it out and shoot very quickly .
canon supposedly improved the startup to shoot time over the s400 .
i ca n't get over the image quality for such a small camera !
good for you canon!cons : you will need a larger cf card since the included 32mb one is not enough imo .
kind of pricey ... but its definately worth every penny .
`` i like it alot '' - ram pros : canon makes a great camera !
for the intended use , this is a great little camera , though small , it 's packed with performance .
i looked at others , but trust canon 's quality .
i have not printed any pictures yet , but i 'm sure that they will come out great when printed on my canon i-850 .
will post again when i do print.cons : it would have been great if it came with a 256mb compact flash card , case , and an extra battery .
for those looking for a case , i found one for $ 3.99 at walmart made by samsonite .
great little camera - dave behrens pros : small size , obvious quality , like retractable auto lense cover ; despite reviewer 's comments , you can do a lot with this little camera .
b&w or sepia photos , adjust how colors are perceived by camera -lrb- ` vivid ' my fav -rrb- , lots of sounds , nice little leather case -lrb- psc50 -rrb- for a few bucks on ebay .
if you just want to point and shoot beautiful pics , and put the camera comfortably back in your pocket , the s410 is great.cons : battery must be removed from camera to charge
