digital ixus 860is / powershot sd870is : first impressions .
-lrb- and also probably last impressions , the camera 's going to be with me for only one day -rrb- well , it 's small .
really small .
looks like a toy but it 's a little more than that ... image & lens quality : image quality is good .
however , it suffers quite badly from vignetting ... as per my post about another ixus model : sd850 is -lrb- eu : ixus 950 is -rrb- blurry corners and also from a significant amount of pincushion distortion at the wide angle end .
i suspect that 's what you get from making a 28-mm lens that is perhaps 1.5 cm in diameter ... there 's no going around that .
and also , the fact that it 's 28-mm means that applying just a little bit of zoom will get 35mm of image while the vignetting and distortion will be mostly gone -lrb- i might be wrong about this though -rrb- .
image quality is typical from canon : quite good .
a lot of iso noise at > = 400 , again to be expected on such a small camera -lrb- i think sensor size is 1/2 .5 but i wo n't check right now -rrb- .
interface : buttons are sort of minimalistic .
just three **** - modes accessible through direct switch : auto/manual , scene , and hardware .
for the rest , you need to use the menus .
the manual mode is actually semi-manual : you can control the iso -lrb- which is good on a camera with so much noise on high iso settings -rrb- .
you ca n't control exposure or aperture afai can tell .
directprint button can be reconfigured , but its functions are quite limited .
i 'd have liked for instance a sub-mode selector -lrb- replacing the menu access -rrb- .
oh yeah i forgot there is the rotating knob , which is actually not rotating , but relying on pressure sensors underneath to detect rotation .
which makes it pretty unreliable .
especially if you have big fingers -lrb- and i do n't have big fingers -rrb- .
i suppose you could get some functionality out of it once you get used to it , but it 'll still be a pain , so i expect most users will just end up using the menus .
build & looks ok .
but for some reason i liked the sd850 is better .
maybe it 's because it was fully silver .
this one has black accents .
good build , i suppose .
have n't dropped it .
screen gorgeous and huge .
basically all the back of the camera is taken by it , 3 inches of it .
no viewfinder .
performance reasonably fast .
one mention : there are some 3 to 5 seconds in-between taking shots with the flash when the batt is fully charged ; so that may become a problem as the battery gets discharged .
writing is fast enough .
reading lags when you scroll through 8mp photos fast -lrb- i.e. without waiting more than 1 second at a photo -rrb- .
it does pre-fetch though -lrb- one or two photos in advance and backwards -rrb- , so if you really look at those photos you wo n't feel the reading times .
flash reaches quite far , by the way , for such a small camera it 's alright -lrb- at least 5 meters i would say at mid-iso settings -rrb- .
anything else ?
i do n't think so .
nice camera .
personally i 'd still go for something a bit bigger though , without the image quality compromises .
