digital camera news : pentax site for slr users , kodak gifts , digital foci portable storage device ... .
pentax launches a digital slr mini-site pentax has launched a new mini-site -lrb- www.pentaxslr.com -rrb- to help folks shop for pentax digital slr products .
the site includes all of their products : bodies , lenses , and accessories .
also on the site , you 'll be able to find faqs , rebates , specifications and other resources about building your own digital slr system -lrb- with their products , of course -rrb- .
the site is titled `` the new classic '' and to promote the launch , pentax has announced a set of rebates which i 'll list below -lrb- www.pentaximaging.com/rebates -rrb- : -lrb- $ 100 -rrb- smc p-da 14mm f2 .8 ed -lrb- if -rrb- lens -lrb- $ 100 -rrb- smc p-d fa 100mm f2 .8 macro lens -lrb- $ 100 -rrb- smc p-da 16-45mm f4 .0 , ed/al -lrb- $ 100 -rrb- smc p-fa 43mm f1 .9 limited lens -lrb- black or silver -rrb- -lrb- $ 100 -rrb- smc p-fa 31mm f1 .8 limited lens -lrb- black or silver -rrb- -lrb- $ 100 -rrb- smc p-fa 77mm f1 .8 limited lens -lrb- black or silver -rrb- -lrb- $ 75 -rrb- smc p-d fa 50mm f2 .8 macro lens -lrb- $ 50 -rrb- smc p-da 40mm f2 .8 limited lens -lrb- $ 50 -rrb- smc p-da 50-200mm f4-5 .6 ed lens -lrb- $ 30 -rrb- optiowpi digital camera -lrb- $ 30 -rrb- optiowp digital camera press release photo kiosk is the pmda `` person of the year '' with the high growth in the digital image printing industry , the photoimaging manufacturers and distributors association -lrb- pmda -rrb- has announced that their `` person of the year '' award is going to the photo kiosk .
with cost per print much lower than a home photo printer , the kiosk saw great growth this year .
according to a study from the pma in march 2005 , digital prints created at retail stores grew 105 % , while home printing volume only grew by 1 % .
the awards will be presented at the annual pmda awards dinner on february 26 , the night before the pma show in orlando .
shutterfly and crest whitestrips holiday smiles photo contest in typical shutterfly fashion , they have another promotion , this time along with crest whitestrips .
just submit a picture of your best holiday smile to the contest site .
members and non-members of shutterly will be able to rate their favorites .
twenty five semi-finalists will be selected from the highest rated photos and a panel of judges will `` look for originality and creativity together with popularity '' in order to figure out who wins .
prizes : grand prize -lrb- one winner -rrb- : a canon powershot sd200 digital camera with a $ 75 shutterfly gift card and the winner 's choice of one of the following trips including round-trip air transportation for a family of four and hotel accommodations .
- a 5-day/4 night trip to new york city including tickets to a broadway show , dinner at the tavern on the green restaurant and $ 2,000 in spending money - a 6-day/5-night trip to orlando , fl including use of a rental car and unlimited admission to epcot , magic kingdom , mgm studios and animal kingdom plus $ 2,000 spending money - a 7-day/6-night trip to oahu , hi including use of a rental car and a polynesian vip attraction package plus $ 1,200 spending money first prizes -lrb- five winners -rrb- - a canon powershot sd200 digital camera plus a $ 75 shutterfly gift card second prizes -lrb- ten winners -rrb- -- a $ 75 shutterfly gift certificate semi-finalist prizes -lrb- 25 winners -rrb- -- a box of crest whitestrips premium see www.shutterfly.com/photocontests for entries and official rules .
press release kodak 's great gifts for the holiday season doing a little self-promotion , kodak conducted a survey and learned that over half of the respondents want a digital camera for christmas .
also , when it comes to `` two in one presents '' , respondents say that they would prefer a digital camera and printer combo over an mp3 player with songs or a dvd player with movies .
-lrb- i know , not really very good options .
what about a phone/mp3 player ? -rrb-
so here are kodak 's recommendations : best gifts for gadget lover : kodak easyshare one , kodak easyshare picture viewerbest gift for the trendsetter in the family : kodak easyshare v-seriesbest gift for the photo enthusiast : kodak p-seriesinexpensive gifts for super-moms : kodak easyshare gallery photo books and greeting cardshot finds for the holiday hostess : kodak easyshare snapshot printers -lrb- printer dock plus series 3 -rrb- digital foci introduces the media buddy - affordable photo storage device as an altenative to their pricier picture porter , digital foci has announced the media buddy portable digital photo storage device .
starting at a price of $ 229 , the media buddy comes in 30-80gb versions .
the internal hard drive stores the images from your memory cards .
the media buddy accepts compact flash , smart media , sd/mmc , xd , memory stick , memory stick pro , memory stick duo and memory stick pro duo .
to cut the price , the media buddy has a text-only backlit lcd instead of the 2 '' color lcd that comes on the picture porter .
a usb 2.0 connection allows quick transfer to you computer -lrb- the media buddy connects to your computer like an external hard drive -rrb- .
you can actually store any file that you want -lrb- pictures , movies , music , other files -rrb- and the device is compatible with windows and mac machines .
the media buddy can also act like an mp3 player .
the device has a built-in lithium ion rechargeable battery that is good for 1.6 hours of continuous use .
also included in the package is : ulead photo explorer image management software -lrb- normally a $ 30 value -rrb- , usb cable , earphones , ac adapter , carrying case , resource disk , and user 's guide .
the media buddy weighs 11 oz , and can be found in powder blue , arctic silver , and pearl gray .
you can also choose from 30gb , 40gb , 60gb and 80gb models .
purchase directly from digital foci 's website at www.digitalfoci.com .
