digital camera news , 12/18/07 .
rumors about pending canon 400d , 5d updates circulatethe swedish-language site kamerabild is reporting that a canon exec has hinted that an announcement about new dslrs in canon & rsquo ; s lineup will come the week before the pma show in late january.rumors and logic suggest that the long-running eos 400d -lrb- the digital rebel xti -rrb- or the eos 5d are the most likely candidates for a major update .
working on information from the swedish site , courtesy of canon & rsquo ; s robert westin , photography bay pins the anticipated announcement date on january 24 .
read the full story here.we & rsquo ; ll keep our eyes and ears open to see if more details trickle down on this one .
firmware update improves l10 & rsquo ; s af performance in a web announcement yesterday , panasonic released a firmware update for its lumix dmc-l10k digital slr.stated changes include improved focusing speed with the camera & rsquo ; s 14-50mm and 14-150mm lenses , better exposure accuracy in night scene mode , and improvements to the white balance system.read about all the listed improvements or download the update here .
new tamron af18-250mm lens announcedaftermarket lens manufacturer tamron has just announced another addition to its line of & ldquo ; wide angle to long zoom & rdquo ; lenses for digital slrs .
the af18-250mm , f/3 .5 -6.3 unit translates to an impressive zoom ratio of 13.9 x. expected to hit store shelves in japan later this month , the compact & ldquo ; all-in-one & rdquo ; lens is designed for a nikon mount .
no word yet on us delivery or pricing.sandisk photo album makes tv photo sharing easy sandisk & rsquo ; s photo album provides an easy solution for displaying photos from any camera on any television .
with support for all the usual memory types , including sd , cf , memory stick , and xd , the photo album also claims serve as photo storage solution -- but , oddly , only if you provide an additional 128 mb cf card or flash drive.the box , which measures roughly the size of a vhs cassette , comes with a remote control as well , and can be used to play mpegs and mp3 in additional to jpegs.an msrp of less than $ 50 makes the photo album seem like a good idea .
our biggest complaint is the lack of hd outputs : connection to the tv is made via rca only .
