digital camera news , 1/14/08 .
fozi credit-card tripod available from timetable the smallest folding table-top tripods still too big for your taste ?
wishing for something closer to credit-card size ?
the card-thin fozi portable tripod does n't offer a lot in the way of flexibility , but it 's hard to find fault with its portability .
the fascinatingly simple concept from australian manufacturer timetable uses a die-cut polypropelene card divided into three `` naturally hinged '' -lrb- read : lightly scored -rrb- sections .
stair-stepped cuts into each face allow a compact camera -- dslrs and ultra-zooms need not apply -- to be angled up several degrees .
for night or indoor shots or self-portraits , the tiny , super-cheap fozi may just be as much tripod as some casual shooters need.the whole unit , which folds up to the size of a single credit card and the thickness of about three , is available directly from timetable via mail-order .
choose one of five different colors for a delivered price of $ 8.95 aud -- around $ 8 in the us at the time of this writing.firmware upgrade for olympus 12-60mm lens releasedlast week , olympus released a firmware upgrade for its zuiko digital ed 12-60mm f/2 .8 -4.0 silent wave drive zoom lens .
per the announcement from olympus , firmware version 1.1 improves focusing precision for distant subjects when shooting in continuous af mode.visit olympus ' website here to download the revision .
photoshop elements 6 available soon for mac according to a press release that showed up on adobe 's website late last week , photoshop elements 6 is coming to the macintosh platform.in the same announcement , abode said that it planned to demo the new release at the macworld conference & expo going on this week in san francisco .
the popular consumer-focused photo editing solution has been available for pcs since last fall .
the mac version is already available for preorder from adobe , with an expected ship date in late march .
pricing is $ 89.99 for the full version , or $ 69.99 if you 're upgrading .
to learn more or place your order , visit adobe 's product page here .
