kodak easyshare p850 digital camera review .
introduction for some time i have wanted to get my hands on one of the new enthusiast digital cameras .
these cameras look like and sport a feature set similar to a digital slr camera .
think canon digital rebel xt and nikon d50 .
sony , canon , olympus and other all have their version of this type of camera and kodak is no exception .
the kodak easyshare p850 is a 5 megapixel camera with a 12x optical -lrb- yes , you read correctly -rrb- lens , w-i-d-e 2.5 '' lcd and image stabilization .
specification highlights 5.1 mp image stabilization 12x optical , 3.3 x digital zoom lcd : 2.5 '' diagonal iso : auto , 50 -- 800 autofocus : ttl-af , single , continuous , multi-zone , selectable -lrb- 25 zones -rrb- shutter : 16 -- 1/1000 sec movies : up 640 x 480 @ 30fps w/sound media : xd-picture card -lrb- 32 mb internal -rrb- in the box p850 zoom digital camera li-ion battery and charger usb and audio/video cables lens cap with strap neck strap kodak easyshare software getting started kit features when kodak designed the p850 -lrb- and its 8 megapixel brother , the p880 -rrb- they decided to include a solid set of features and manual controls to appeal to budding photographers .
it 's a 5mp camera , which is neither good nor bad .
this is simply a preference of how many pixels you need in your image .
the p850 has a 12x optical schneider -- kreuznach lens and continuous image stabilization .
in fact , this camera 's lens would be all but worthless if not for image stabilization .
it 's the only way to get up close without a tripod and still be able to snap a razor-sharp image .
the 2.5 '' lcd is extremely large and bright .
i would not be surprised if kodak teams up with apple to deliver lost or desperate housewives to this camera .
hell , throw in an mp3 player for good measure .
video recording offers resolutions up to 640x480 and 30 fps .
better yet both the optical zoom and image stabilization work in video mode .
in a pinch the camera could substitute as a decent video camera .
camera modes include the entire set you would expect : auto , aperture priority , etc. .
this kodak also includes three modes for you to customize .
they are labeled appropriately : c1 , c2 , and c3 .
special scene modes also abound with the p850 .
there are 16 ; they include : portrait and self-portrait sport landscape and night landscape sunset backlight candlelight flower text museum party snow beach fireworks one sign of a camera trying to be a semi-professional camera is the inclusion of the raw format and the p850 has this .
this format for storing photos is lossless , meaning the image is saved exactly as it is captured .
the downside is that raw takes up more space than a more commonly used format : jpeg .
for photographers that do not want to compromise on image quality , raw -lrb- and tiff , included -rrb- should be used .
take note that raw and tiff are not available in auto or scene modes .
you must be in one of the manual modes -lrb- p , a , s , m -rrb- to make use of them .
camera design the easyshare p850 is combination of black and brushed metal .
both the lens and eyepiece have a rubber coating on them to reduce slipping , but strangely the handgrip on the right side of the camera is plastic .
further , the edging on the eyepiece is a quarter-inch thick pad .
apparently , the engineers at kodak would like your eye to be extremely comfortable .
or in the case when jennifer aniston punches the camera for taking her picture , you wo n't walk away with a black eye .
call it the camera designed for the paparazzi .
the camera weighs about a pound with batteries and feels substantial .
balance is good , but not great .
so , one-handed operation could get tiresome .
many of the most commonly used controls are accessible when using the camera in one-handed mode .
controls abound on the camera .
if you are new to photography , it can be a bit overwhelming .
the intent is to give access to a wide range of manual controls instead of burying them deeply within menus .
on the top of the camera are controls setting the focus , flash , drive , and program modes as well as the on/off switch , shutter release , and external flash hot shoe .
the rear of the camera contains a five-way joystick , zoom slider , a command dial for quickly changing manual settings , and buttons for reviewing photos , sharing , accessing menus , deleting photos , and locking ae and af settings .
all-in-all it 's a 3 year-olds dream toy .
one note on the zoom slider : zoom on the p850 is continuous meaning that it does not stop at predetermined increments .
the feel of the slider was a bit disappointing .
zooming seemed to occur at only two speeds : slow and fast .
the slider certainly does not make use of its full range of motion .
so , getting the exact zoom level can be a bit tricky .
finally , the menu system is good , but unremarkable .
items are logically located and accessed by the menu button .
kodak has employed a semi-transparent , tabbed menu system that gives the operating system a professional look , overall .
image quality and performance the p850 takes very good to excellent images with low noise levels .
i found the color saturation levels to be acceptable without a strong bias in any particular direction .
in fact , the coloring of images was similar to the canon powershot a95 , a favorite of mine .
image sharpness was as sharp as the a95 and in some cases better .
taken with kodak p850 -lsb- larger -rsb- -lsb- fullsize -rsb- taken with canon a95 -lsb- larger -rsb- -lsb- fullsize -rsb- p850 - zoom a95 - zoom noise levels of the camera are also very good .
in comparison to the a95 -lrb- known for slightly noisier images at iso 200 and 400 -rrb- , the kodak should and does have better overall noise levels at every iso .
kodak p850 - iso 200 -lsb- larger -rsb- -lsb- fullsize -rsb- a95 - iso 200 -lsb- larger -rsb- -lsb- fullsize -rsb- shutter lag from a pre-focused position is extremely quick .
it does n't quite feel simultaneous with shutter release button , but it 's close .
even when taking spontaneous photos , the time it takes the camera to focus and shoot is definitely under half a second .
overall , the camera does a remarkable job of getting the photo .
when compared to a real digital slr like the rebel xt , the p850 will feel slow .
compared , however , to many other camera and certainly most that are less expensive , this camera is quick .
-lsb- larger -rsb- -lsb- fullsize -rsb- extended specifications -lrb- from kodak.com -rrb- type : 5.25 mp ccd , 5.1 mp effective file format : jpeg , raw , tiff storage : up to 1 gb xd-picture card optical zoom : 12x digital zoom : 3.3 x aperature : 2.8-8 .0 -lrb- wide -rrb- ; 3.7-8 .0 -lrb- tele -rrb- autofocus system : ttl-af , hybrid af external passive sensor , single af , continuous af , multi-zone , center zone , 25 selectable zones focusing range : normal af : 3.9 in -- infinity ; macro : 3.9 in -- 35.4 in viewfinder : ttl digital -- 237k pixels sensitivity : auto , manual : iso 64 - 800 shutter speed : 16 sec .
- 1/1000 sec .
white balance control : auto , daylight , tungsten , fluorescent , cloudy , open shade , sunset , click , custom 1 -- 3 flash : auto , fill , off , red-eye reduction with flash , algorithm , or both effective range : wide : 2.9 -- 15.4 ft -lrb- 0.9 -- 4.7 m -rrb- , tele : 6.6 -- 11.8 ft -lrb- 2.0 -- 3.6 m -rrb- lcd monitor : 2.5 inches batteries : li ion proprietary dimensions : w h d : 4.3 3.3 2.8 in .
-lrb- 108.0 84.2 72.0 mm -rrb- weight : 14.3 oz .
-lrb- excluding battery and media -rrb- shooting modes : auto , scn , p , a , s , m , c1 , c2 , c3 , portrait , self-portrait , sports , landscape , night portrait , night landscape , snow , beach , text/document , flower , sunset , candlelight , backlight , manner/museum , fireworks , party movie modes : 320 x 240 or 640 x 480 pixels @ 30fps conclusion overall i walk away impressed with the p850 .
image quality is excellent , the 30 fps video mode could almost double as video camera , image stabilization helps in many less-than-ideal shooting situations , and the 2.5 '' lcd is a joy to use .
what it lacks for in speed -lrb- vs. digital slrs -rrb- it makes up for in controls and image and video quality .
for the photographer looking to go beyond the basic , wanting manual creativity of the shot , and not seeking to dump $ 1000 plus into a digital slr , the p850 is the ticket .
pros image stabilization 2.5 '' lcd very good image quality with relatively low noise cons zoom slider does not have the right `` feel '' no ability to change lenses recommended forbudding photography enthusiasts that want the features of a digital slr , but do n't want to pay for the speed and flexibility of the lens system
