olympus e-3 : first thoughts .
nikon and canon have dominated the professional dslr market since the beginning of the digital revolution , effectively condemning olympus , pentax , panasonic , leica , and sony dslrs to second tier status .
that 's too bad because there are some really exciting and very pro-capable digital slrs on that second tier , including the new olympus e-3 .
it 's a popular fallacy that professional photographers -lrb- and serious amateur shooters -rrb- need system cameras .
the standard argument goes that second tier manufacturers like olympus , panasonic , sigma , leica , and pentax ca n't produce cameras that are tough enough to stand up to the rigors of pro use .
other common complaints are that second tier camera manufacturers do n't offer a wide enough selection of high quality lenses to cover the needs of professionals , that their professional product development is appreciably slower and less comprehensive than the majors , and that their pro support networks , when compared to canon and nikon , are much less effective .
those arguments just do n't hold water - realistically , most pro photographers do n't need system cameras .
only a small percentage of pro photographers shoot professional sports , international auto racing , or travel -lrb- art wolfe like -rrb- to the far corners of the globe to photograph exotic wildlife or unique locales .
iconic photographers like henri cartier-bresson , robert doisneau , and legions of life/look/magnum photojournalists made their reputations with simple 35mm rangefinder cameras and a single -lrb- prime -rrb- lens .
the olympus e-3 -lrb- an update of the venerable e-1 -rrb- is a pro level 4/3 format digital slr featuring 10.1 megapixel resolution , a 2.5-inch tilt/swivel lcd with full-time live view , mechanical image stabilization , dual memory card slots , a 1/8000th of a second top shutter speed , and a top flash sync of 1/250th of second .
the magnesium-alloy bodied e-3 is built like a tank with a pro level dust reduction system and efficient dust/weather seals .
ergonomically , everything is exactly where it should be and it all works logically -- the e-3 was clearly designed by photographers for photographers .
the e-3 also features -lrb- according to olympus -rrb- the world 's fastest auto focus .
i ca n't argue with that claim : the e-3 's af is the fastest -lrb- with the zuiko 12-60mm zoom -rrb- of any dslr that i 've used to date .
-lrb- view medium image -rrb- -lrb- view large image -rrb- the e-3 absolutely shines in the image quality department -- resolution/sharpness and color rendition -lrb- again , with the zuiko 12-60mm zoom -rrb- are equal to or better than any dslr i 've used to date , plus noise is very well managed .
-lrb- view medium image -rrb- -lrb- view large image -rrb- olympus is offering three new zooms -lrb- all with fast maximum apertures and supersonicwavedrive motors -rrb- designed especially for the e-3 -- the zuiko ed 12-60mm f2 .8 / 4.0 swd esp , the zuiko ed 14-35mm f2 .0 swd esp , the zuiko ed 50-200mm f2 .8 / 3.5 swd esp , plus an ultra-compact zuiko digital 2x teleconverter and the new wireless fl50r flash unit.olympus ' new flagship dslr is up against some very stiff competition , but after almost a month of using the e-3 heavily in a wide range of lighting situations and for a broad variety of imaging chores , i can say without hesitation that this dslr is worthy of very serious consideration by any serious shooter looking to buy a semi-pro or pro level dslr .
we 'll have a full review of the e-3 -lrb- and a separate review of the zuiko 12-60mm zoom -rrb- available soon .
