canon xl-h1s 3ccd hdv high definition professional camcorder with 20x hd video zoom lens iii .
sure there are better high-definition camcorders out there , but if you 're just an average consumer like most of us and are n't running a national news studio or filming a big-budget action thriller , the canon xl-h1s should be more than sufficient at meeting your videography needs .
i have spent entire weekends shooting hours and hours of gorgeous footage , and after editing it together on my computer and viewing the finished product , i have been consistently blown away by the outstanding sound and picture quality the xl-h1s provides .
this camcorder is equipped to handle any professional-grade attachment you can throw at it -- portable microphones , expandable battery packs and memory cards , filters , lenses , etc. -- and is all extremely user-friendly .
i stand by my purchase of this product and have thus far loved every minute i have spent using it .
the canon xl-h1s comes highly recommended .
canon has done it again with another truly remarkable camera .
the xlh1 and xlh1a are by far the best camera 's in this price range .
actually this camera is better than most that cost 3 or 4 times as much .
great picture quality , very nicely laid out controls , fast auto focus , very clever image stabilizer and a enormous amount of flexibility .
i have been a canon fan and user for 20 years and have never been disappointed .
the canon xlh1 is a work of art and a thing of beauty .
sure this camera is not for the novice because it can be quite complex to get set up to perform the way you want it to but once you do go through the tedious tasks of adjusting it to your own tastes then you have the most wonderful video camera right at your finger tips to do what ever you want it to do .
you can set the camera to auto everything and get pretty good hd video but i suggest you learn how to adjust it to do more of what it was made to do and that is capture absolutely stunning video .
