digital camera news : three canons win gold diwa awards , hello kitty digital camera .
three canon digital cameras win gold diwa awardsthe digital imaging websites association -lrb- diwa -rrb- announced that three canon cameras have received gold awards .
the canon eos 30d , canon powershot s3 is , and canon powershot sd800 is all received scores during the diwa reviewing process that earned gold status.diwa is an international group of websites that have standardized their review process to provide consistent scoring of digital cameras that their member sites review .
they routinely announce award winners throughout the year and then cap things off with an annual announcement of platinum award winners.the canon eos 30d , the successor of the previous diwa gold-winning eos 20d , scored well with its many internal improvements , including a 2.5 inch lcd and implementation of canon 's `` picture styles '' image processing parameters.the ultra-zoom canon powershot s3 is also sports many improvements over its predecessor , the s2 is .
the s3 got a larger screen , a resolution increase , better light sensitivity , and the ability to shoot in 16:9 wide format.the canon powershot sd800 is is the second camera in the sd/digital elph line to get a lens with optical image stabilization .
this ultra-compact with its wider-angle lens scored well with diwa member site reviewers.for more information , see : www.diwa-awards.com &#160; hello kitty digital camera - tink pink x hello kitty dc571kfe japan co. has unveiled the tink pink x hello kitty dc571 digital camera .
the sliding lens cover is adorned with the hello kitty logo .
the camera takes 5 megapixel images , has a 2.4 inch lcd , and stores its images on sd cards -lrb- or 32mb of internal memory -rrb- .
you also get a usb 2.0 connection with your computer and vga resolution movies at 20 frames per second or 320x240 movies at 22 frames per second.the dc571 camera runs about 25,000 yen -lrb- $ 217 -rrb- .
for more information , see this page : www.exemode.com/product/dc571.html
