sony cyber-shot dsc-t10 digital camera announced along with gps device .
adding to their slim t line of digital cameras , sony has announced the sony cyber-shot dsc-t10 digital camera .
while not as fully spec ` ed as the previously announced t30 , the t10 is also coming in about $ 100 less .
in addition to the more attractive sticker price , the t10 will be available in four colors : pink , white , black and silver .
the t10 will be available in august for around $ 400 .
-lrb- view large image -rrb- they have also announced the gps-cs1 gps receiver that , along with your sony camera and software , can tag your images with your latitude and longitude .
the gps-cs1 will be available next month for around $ 150 .
sony cybershot dsc-t10 the t10 provides 7.2 megapixels of resolution .
a 2.5 inch lcd with 230k pixels provides a slightly smaller , but same resolution screen as the t30 .
the carl zeiss lens has a 3x optical zoom with a 35mm equivalent focal length of 38-114mm .
another great feature is sony 's super steadyshot image stabilization system .
in addition to the optical image stabilization , the t10 can shoot at sensitivities up to iso 1000 , allowing for faster shutter speeds to capture moving subjects .
as far as battery life , sony claims that the t10 will get 250 shots -lrb- cipa standards -rrb- , which is quite bit less than the 420 shots that the t30 is supposed to get .
the t10 does have 56mb of internal memory and accepts memory stick duo -lrb- and pro duo -rrb- media .
full press release -lrb- word doc -rrb- sony gps-cs1 gps receiever in another global announcement , sony has introduced the gps-cs1 gps receiver .
by matching up the time stamps on your images with the gps log from the gps-cs1 , the included gps image tracker software can attach a latitude and longitude to each image .
-lrb- view large image -rrb- using the picture motion browser software that has been bundled with sony cameras and camcorders since july , each tagged image can become a `` pushpin '' on a map .
the mapping website , with maps provided by google maps , can show you where you 've been when you had taken a particular picture .
the 3.5 inch long , 2 ounce gps-cs1 comes with a handy carabiner to attach it easily to a backpack or belt loop .
a supplied usb cable allows you to download the gps log to your computer .
look for the gps-cs1 next month -lrb- september -rrb- for around $ 150 .
