fujifilm 's crime camera : fujifilm finepix s3 pro uvir .
fujifilm has announced a modified version of their finepix s3 pro .
this new limited edition camera , the fujifilm finepix s3 pro uvir , is modified to be sensitive to ultraviolet -lrb- uv -rrb- and infrared -lrb- ir -rrb- light .
this camera is the first `` factory made '' digital slr to be specifically designed for uv and ir photography .
the camera is essentially the same as the standard s3 pro , but the standard uv and ir filters have been removed .
photographers have been doing this on their own for a while and several third party companies will do the same modifications , but you void your warranty .
with the s3 pro uvir , you stay legit .
also , the camera 's live view ccd allows a live preview for up to 30 seconds .
this allows for easy preview and focusing , which can be a challenge when doing uv and ir photography .
so what makes this a good camera for police , medical reseaerchers , and the military ?
here are a couple paragraphs straight from fujifilm 's press release that best explain it : `` while uv and ir photography are not really like the `` x-ray vision '' of comic books that lets you see through solid objects , both uv and ir can be used to reveal sub-surface details that are invisible to the naked eye .
in a recent example provided by brooks , police used differences in reflectance made visible only with ir photography to positively identify a charred body in a gangland murder .
it revealed the victim 's prison tattoo , which was invisible under ordinary light .
in a similar manner , both uv and ir photography can corroborate the presence of gunpowder , show altered signatures and the difference between similar-looking inks on a document , or make bone fragments stand out in a plowed field .
medical researchers and police investigators use ir and uv photography to find injuries below the skin .
they can even determine whether an assailant wearing a specific ring punched someone , or if a set of two-week-old , no-longer-visible bite marks were made by an alleged perpetrator 's teeth .
infrared photography is also a great tool for nighttime surveillance with `` invisible '' ir flash or under ir-rich sources such as common street lamps -- the same basic principle used in night-vision glasses .
and since different plants reflect light in different shades of color or gray under ir , it can be used to detect illegal plants such as marijuana or opium poppies growing in a farm field . ''
the fujifilm finepix s3 pro uvir will be available in september for $ 1800 .
fujifilm finepix s3 pro uvir product page
