canon sd850 is resolution test .
we did some resolution measurements on a canon sd850 is -lrb- sd850 for short -rrb- camera using wedge test patterns .
with any digital camera or digital picture , expressing resolution in `` lines '' or requires multiplying by a de-rating factor called the kell factor .
this is a subjective number , and generally 0.7 is used .
so , given the 3264x2448 pixel format , the theoretical resolution in lines for the sd850 would be expected to be 2448 x 0.7 or about 1715 lines or dots across the shorter picture dimension -lrb- the picture height -rrb- .
-lrb- all resolution measurements must state a reference distance .
one line pair equals one black line and the white space next to it ; one television line is either one black line or one white space . -rrb-
the first diagram is a composite made from a test shot taken at widest angle .
sure enough , the softening in the corners as reported by other canon sd850 reviewers is evident .
in the middle , the resolution appears to exceed the number -lrb- 1715 lines per picture height -rrb- we stated above , so perhaps our choice of kell factor is not entirely accurate .
or perhaps where on the test pattern prior to extinction -lrb- blur out -rrb- the measurement should be made is also open to debate .
in the little wedges , tick marks -lrb- not uniformly spaced -rrb- can be seen .
halfway between the third and fourth tick marks from the narrow end represents about 1750 lines of resolution .
the fourth tick mark represents a little over 1500 lines .
halfway between the fourth and fifth tick marks represents about 1300 lines .
the fifth tick mark represents about 1150 lines .
the entire diagram should occupy 900x900 pixels which will require scrolling on most monitors .
the test field of view itself was 12 by 8 feet .
i should mention that the shooting distance was about 14 feet and there may be camera performance differences -lrb- which we did not measure yet -rrb- compared with shooting -lrb- distant -rrb- landscapes .
test pattern wedges were placed near the corners , about two and a half feet in from the corners -lrb- two feet from the side and 18 inches up or down -rrb- , and at the center .
to reduce file size , the overall diagrams were made by cutting and pasting and are not to scale .
we took several pictures with varying zoom amounts between 1x and 2x .
given the somewhat arbitrary position of the test patterns , we can consider the middle portion , slightly less than 50 % of the picture area , defined by cropping the upper 1/6 and lower 1/6 and cropping the left 1/6 and right 1/6 .
almost all of the time , the resolution in this middle portion , we felt , was better than 1600 lines .
and most of the time we judged over 1700 lines .
