pentax optio w20 waterproof digital camera announced .
pentax has announced the optio w20 , the latest camera in its line of optio waterproof digital cameras .
while it looks the same as its predecessor , the w10 , it upgrades some hardware and adds some features .
the w20 shoots at 7 megapixels , has a 2.5 inch lcd , a 3x optical zoom , and will support sdhc cards .
look for the pentax optio w20 in september for under $ 300 .
-lrb- view large image -rrb- the optio w20 features the same waterproof characteristics has its predecessors .
it is wateproof up to 5 feet underwater for 30 minutes .
you 'll also get the same 3x optical zoom and 2.5 inch lcd as the w10 .
while the body is pretty much exactly the same as the w10 , there are some new features .
in addition to a higher capture resolution , which is now 7 megapixels , the w20 features a blur reduction high iso mode , face recognition ae/af , auto tracking af , and support for sdhc memory cards .
some of these features have been seen before on other pentax cameras , but they 're new to the waterproof models .
-lrb- view large image -rrb- in blur reduction high iso mode , the iso -lrb- sensitivity -rrb- of the sensor is boosted , up to iso 1600 , to increase shutter speed and reduce the blur .
the face recognition ae/af technology from pentax detects faces within a portrait to correctly set focus and exposure on the face .
having this technology simplifies portrait-taking since you have less of a chance of missing the focus point , which should be the face .
the w20 also has the tracking af system seen on some of their other cameras announced at pma in february , like the optio t10 .
the other new feature on the w20 is that it will able to use the recently announced sdhc format , in addition to your standard sd format cards .
-lrb- sdhc allows memory card capacities over 2gb by using a fat32 file system . -rrb-
additionally , the w20 captures movies up to a resolution of 640x480 at 30 frames per second .
a `` mermaid movie '' mode optimizes the movie settings for underwater movies .
full pentax optio w20 specifications -lrb- ms word doc -rrb-
