image retention ... has possibly burnt ( panasonic g20 ) .
i posted this in the g20 owners thread , but as it 's not a new model anymore it 's not getting so many views and it 's more of a general query than a model specific issue ( i would imagine ) .
i bought my 50 " g20 from john lewis at the end of january , and it 's a great bit of kit .
unfortunately , my flatmate has a tendency to play battlefield on the xbox360 that is known to be a complete sod to plasma owners due to the scoreboard being full white on full black and on the screen for long periods of time .
in turn , i pulled the contrast and brightness sliders down on this input as i did n't want it to cause problems .
he has days off when i 'm working , and he swears he did n't play it for ridiculous amounts of time and i stressed he should keep it down to 30 minutes at a time .
regardless , it 's not as if he 's had a static image on the screen and left it there for hours or overnight .
as you can guess , we 've got some ir from the scorecard .
it 's not particularly noticeable , and i probably only see it because i know what an issue that game is .
during most motion it 's not detectable , but it 's there and has been for weeks now .
we use the plasma quite a bit ( it 's hooked up to virgin and the htpc as well as the xbox ) and is on for a long time during the evenings .
now , i do n't think playing a video game for sensible amounts of time should damage the screen , but it has .
where do i stand on this ?
if i wanted to i could complain about the other plasma side effects ( i notice most of the issues with panny plasmas - buzzing , posterisation , rainbow effect on b & w scenes etc ) but i live with them as it 's a great screen and i 'm not one to cause a fuss .
however , if the panel has damaged itself in such a short time period then i think it should be replaced .
obviously i 'm still within the 1 year manufacturer warranty ( i have the extra 4 years with jl but i 've read the issues that causes ) so i 'm interested what other people would do in this situation .
does it render the tv unusable ?
no , but i do find my eyes ' hunt ' for it when running .
naturally , it 's his word against theirs but if a static image had been left on for hours it would n't just be that damned scoreboard that i 'm still seeing .
