floating blacks - panasonic 's response .
thought i might share my ongoing issue with the floating blacks and panasonic 's response : i bought the p50vt20 ( british model ) in november and was delighted with it ( still am ) .
the floating black issue became manifest over the last few months and back in early april decided it was a real issue .
it was certainly very distracting and as a purist with my sets found it made it very difficult to watch movies with letterboxes ( though i stress that it also happens on full 16:9 content but it is harder to identify ) .
i watch in cinema or thx mode and it happens on both .
i contacted my panasonic store in lincoln where i ourchased it , and they said they would send it on to their authorised repair centre in grantham .
about two weeks later on 12th april i had a call from the shop asking when the set could be returned .
i asked what the problem was and the solution and they said no fault had been found and as such were returning the set .
i said this was unsatisfactory and was advised to ring the repair centre .
the woman there was very unhelpful saying the problem was evident and that i shouldnt follow things written on internet forums " as anyone could write anything . "
after suggesting she was insulting the consumer she suggested that i bring in a selection of blu rays which i duly did .
two weeks later and she rang and asked if i could come and show them the issue which i did .
they saw it and said they 'd video it and send the footage off to panasonic .
two weeks later after not hearing anything , i finally rang the repair centre and they said it was now in the hands of panasonic and that i could expect to hear from panasonic .
one week later , guess what , no contact , so i rang panny customer services only to be told that it was still in the hands of the repair centre .
i rang the centre back who then spoke to panasonic ( apparently a miscommunication ) and said i woukld hear from them either by letter , email or a call .
i rang panasonic a few days letter and asked what was going on and was told i could expect a letter .
yesterday , after not hearing anything again i rang panny and was told that according to their records no letter had been sent out nor should i expect any contact !!
i described the floating black issue to the man ( again ! )
who proceeded to say it was a " feature " of the 3d televisions .
i said in that case it was mis sold and was advised to ring my shop .
this is where it gets tense : 1 ) i asked for a refund .
the manager said no. 2 ) i said it had been descirbed as a feature of the set .
he said if it 's a feature then the set is working correctly .
3 ) i said it was never sold as having this feature .
if it had been i would not have bought it .
it had therefore been mis sold / mis represented .
4 ) i also said , if it is a feature , why is it not listed in any of the documentation .
he asked what documentation , i said the manual .
5 ) i proceeded to say , if it is a feature and the tv is designed to do this , why did it take such a long time to identify , and why did the repair centre send the footage off to panasonic .
6 ) i suggested it was not a feature , but i am being fobbed off with that in the hpe i will remain silent .
7 ) i asked the manager if he would bve happy with the floating black issue .
he said " if it 's a feature of the set then yes . "
i said " but i was not aware of the issue " at which point he said ' we 're not getting anywhere with this . '
8 ) i asked for a final time whether he would give a refund .
he said no at which point i said my solicitors will be involved .
so there we are !
wonderful service .
sorry panasonic , you have lost a previouslyt loyal customer .
i am sick and tired of being held hostage by large corporation ( especially when the manager said " we put customer service first " ) .
i will challenge these legally , it 's entirely unacceptable .
