distance purchasing , refunds , swaps , etc ? .
hi all , please take this question quite light heartedly but i thought i would ask it out of interest more than anything .
i will soon be purchasing a ps59d6900 , but as ive become aware that the model is on its last legs and soon superseeded ( id expect around march time ) , i wondered just what the distance selling regulations allow vs warranty vs something that wont happen .
so a prime example is that some with the d6900 arent happy due to various reasons , be it " loud buzzing " or lower pq thanks to the latest firmware , etc etc. .
now all im wondering is when i purchase said set , under what grounds could i ask for a refund and within what time scale ?
ie if i decided when the tv arrived the picture really was a step down from my 3 year old lcd etc after allowing the panel time to " run in " would they accept this ?
likewise , say i had a set that at first seemed fine , but progressively over time got a " loud " buzz which became distracting , and they swapped it for another with the same problem , could i then ask for a refund or could they quite simply keep swapping sets ?
all im wondering really is with some of these faults mentioned on said model ( and do nt get me wrong i know theres no such thing as a faultless set currently in the market for sale ) , but with a new model likely to be released for sale in the next 3 months . .
do i purchase knowing that i may have problems ?
or hedge my bets and wait 3 months and pay more for a newer model which in theory they can only further improve on and be in theory a very impressive set - but risk paying far more ?
i guess what im getting at is essentially i see a 3 month window here between buying an old model and new one , so really just trying to understand that if i purchase said old model , and new model is released which i far prefer and am willing to pay an additional sum to upgrade - on what grounds if any could i speak to the retailer about swapping the sets ( i would probably purchase from john lewis ) ?
again its all hypothetical and im sure id love the set when it arrives , but it would still be good to hear your thoughts on it grangey
