questions - dixons knowhow and manufacturer 's warranty - samsung ps50c680 .
question : am i entitled to receiving the tv with the same serial number back , when sent for repair under manufacturer 's warranty ?
( tv was bought in october 2010 ) knowhow offers extended warranty and i do not wish to receive another tv which " may " have been overly used or abused .
full story : dixons collected my samsung plasma ps50c680 on 27 may for repair ( i was at work , wife was at home for collection ) .
engineer ( ? )
gave my wife the silver portion of the stand but left the small black portion of the stand which connects to the tv in the box .
the stand comes in two parts .
my tv had the protective plastics still on the frame and was sent in the original box , which i had carefully kept in case i needed to carry the tv around .
on 27 may , i called dixon 's knowhow and also wrote an email to customer services and knowhow informing them that the black portion of the stand was in the box .
answer i got was : do n't worry , whatever was in the box will be sent back to you when the tv is repaired .
we have made a note on your account regarding this .
today , dixons knowhow ( or knowless ) sent me the tv wrapped in a flimsy plastic packaging .
no box means no stand as well - they have recycled my box together with the small black stand !
my wife refused delivery and the tv was sent back to dixons knowhow .
unfortunately , my wife did not check the serial number but i doubt that it was the one i sent ( mine ends with 447v , if dixons is reading this , my order number is dix1000563219 ) .
i have been without a tv for 11 days and the whole process has to start again for another 11 days ( ? ) .
worst , if they do not send me the tv i have carefully kept , i am going to be upset and would have to send it back again , which means more than 1 month without a tv !
i maybe am a little bit paranoid , as i have not checked the serial number of the tv that was sent .
would do my best to avoid dixons / currys / pcworld & most importantly samsung in the future .
