sgolko theater and basement build thread .
i was going to name this thread the " how much can i get away with before my wife puts a stop to this " theater build , but it 's just too long of a name .
after nearly a year of thinking and planning ( and negotiating ) my home theater , i am finally getting started on it .
the link here is all of the questions i have had to date , just to give you a bit of background .
pretty much every aspect of the theater has changed since my initial thoughts , and i 'm sure most of it will change again , but here are the details as they stand : after reading back through what i initially planned , i realized that virtually everything has changed .
that is the one thing i was right about .
so all of the red text in this opening post is what has been updated since i initially posted it .
the goal : i want a dedicated home theater room as good as i can possibly get it .
my wife also wants one ( or is allowing me to have one ) , but in no way wants it to impair the re-sale of our house in the future , or for it to cost alot more than just finishing the room regularly and hanging a tv in it .
so perhaps we can think of this as a compromise theater .
compromise theater would definitely have been a good name .
the goal remains mainly the same , to get as good of a viewing room as possible without breaking the bank and with keeping resale value / appeal .
the room : 18 ' x11 ' in an unfinished basement .
8 ' ceiling for most of it , with a 7 ' 4 ceiling for the back 6 feet floor : going to install dricore sub-flooring , with underlay and probably a burbor carpet on top .
changed burbor carpet to a short shag carpet .
it is more plush , more comfortable , better looking ... .
walls : good ole fashioned 2x4 stud walls , all filled with r12 insulation .
the exterior walls ( to the cement walls ) will just have regular drywall .
the inside walls , especially to the stairs , the furnace room , and the bedroom , will have some sort of sound treatment .
still need to price up my options , whether they be dd , or dd+gg , or quietrock drywall .
this is one of those compromise issues .
edit : we have " compromised " that i will dd the furnace room , and pack all the walls with insulation .
thought being that we are the only 2 in the house and do not need to keep the sound in the room ( theres no one else to disturb ) .
the dd on the furnace room and insulation came from my argument that we still need to try to keep some of the sound out of the room , especially from hvac .
edit2 : realized that in general it is all or none as far as sound isolation goes .
ditched the dd and gg ideas , but still stuffed all the walls around the theater and furnace room with insulation .
ceiling : another compromise issue .
original plan is to do a suspended ceiling throughout the basement , with joists packed with r12 .
i am going to have to try and work to get at least drywall on the ceiling , and maybe dd or quietrock .
we 'll see on this one ... this has changed the most times out of anything ... in the end , we are going with a drop ceiling throughout the main rooms ( drywalled the storage rooms and bathrooms ) .
the bedroom and laundry room will have typical white acoustic tiles , the theater will have taupe colored tiles and grid , which will match the room colors nicely and get away from the dreaded white ceiling tiles .
screen : going to be a diy screen , painted grey .
still not sure if i am going to paint it right on the wall , or do up a fixed screen on mdf or some other board .
lots of time for that decision plan is to paint a 100 " or so screen on a piece of lite mdf and hang it on the wall .
projector : right now i am leaning towards the epson 1080ub .
but the purchase is still a ways away , so we 'll see what comes out and what prices look like then .
got it down to epson 6500 ub , panny ae 3000 or sony hw10 .
not going to purchase until at least july , we 'll see what prices do .
equipment rack : will be located above a mini-fridge , built into the elbow of the stairway .
will be accessible through a door in the stairs .
same plan , but access will be from below the stairs .
it should work better and be easier this way .
this is basically same plan as originally .
as a finishing touch , i plan to build faceplates for each component out of some type of thin wood sheet , but we 'll see how ambitious i get , and how well it actually works ... other equipment : ps3 , wii , starchoice hd satellite , going to buy an av receiver ( perhaps the pioneer elite vsx - 92thx ) , and going to buy a 7.1 speaker setup .
also down the road , not too worried yet .
again , not until july .
still not worried timing : as we are also building a garage , fence , deck , and landscaping this summer , i expect to get the framing , wiring , and insulating done by fall .
then with a busy winter at work , i expect to pick it up again in the spring , and finish it off by end of summer 2009 .
pre-winter timing went well .
but we now need to be done by may 1 ( aside from actually getting the equipment in there ) due to sister - in - law moving in to the basement for a while .
here is a blueprint of what i plan to do ( revised , many thanks to tedd and dc ) : old layout , for reference
