zin 's place - construction .
yea it 's another one , but they are so useful :-) .
i started my build 2.5 years ago ( well that 's when i finished off the basement anyway .
did n't have the time / resources to complete the theater so the room has set unfinished since then .
i putz now and then down there and finally back in november i figured it was time to make good on my threats .
i figured i 'd just do my own thing , but between the whole getting " loganed " and the desire to get others opinions i 'm starting my thread .
current status actually redoing my design to eliminate the back columns see drawing below , i 'm just too space challenged to give up the room .
i 'll just put the speakers into the wall .
i just finished up some mockup drawings of the space .
the colors are all wrong and this is just the first design which i 'm trying to figure out if i like or not . .
still looking around to see how other folks have finished off their rooms .
the drawings are sure nice for space planning though .
especially in trying to decide between 6 and 7 chairs .
i do n't have enough room to allow the back row to recline all the way but i still may do power recliners in the back and just try to figure out the electronics to stop them early .
we 'll see .
my room dimensions are 15 ' .25 deep x 14.5 wide .
far from ideal , but i enlisted de way back in 2005 .
i call him about 2x a year .
i 'm sure he 's getting sick of it by now wondering why the heck i have n't finished yet .
here is what i started with .
first thing i needed to do was get rid of those stupid little walls .
so i replaces them with an i beam while we were finishing the basement .
the beam weighs about 400 pounds , but it was well worth it .
did 2x6 staggered stud construction around the theater also did a dedicated hvac unit for the theater and ran the ductwork .
once the rest of the space was complete i did start messing around running wire and such , but back in november i finally got around to doing the rcis - 1 clips and hat channel in the ceiling and put in the lighting .
in the back of the room i have a little av closet that i can get to from the utility room .
unfortunately once i put a rack in there i 'm not going to pass code as far as clearance in front of my sub-panel so i relocated that a couple weeks ago about 6 feet to the right .
more to come .
- z
