doug 's " no name " theater / gaming room .
a little bit about myself : my name is doug and i have been lurking / posting for about 3 years now .
i finished my basement ( almost ) before i discovered this forum and fp and have since been looking to change my setup so that i could enjoy a bigger movie / gaming experience .
i have seen rooms being built that simply are amazing .
from watching threads by chinadog , swithey , sandmanx , ronnie_jackson , britinva , strange_brew , wishiwasflying and others too , i am motivated to start my own project .
i want to thank you ( especially those listed ) for taking the time to post such wonderful information about your own project as it has helped many others as well as me , plan for my own build / setup .
a little bit about my budget : while there is no set budget , its not unlimited .
i am thinking anywhere from 2000 - 3000 is something i am shooting for .
which is small potato 's to most threads here .
a little bit about my existing equipment : right now this is what i havean older but trusty sony str - de985 polk audio rm6200 satellite speakers polk audio psw250 sub woofer toshiba hd dvd a2 - sold on ebay along with my 7 hd movies panasonic bd35k - from the prechristmas amazon deal with 4 free bd 's from panasonic + 2 free bd from disney comcast hd dch3200 digital cable box pt - ax200u screen - yet to be built 92 " using bo cloth ( edit : 100 " screen ) while this list does nt match up to most systems here , it is not that bad .
i plan on upgrading in future to better speakers and receiver .
a little bit about my room pics are below but it is roughly 13 ' wide x 16 ' deep ( opens to another 10 ' before it hits the back wall ) ceiling height is 7 ' 6 " with a soffit all around with soffit height being 6 ' 8 " ) i have a sump and a bathroom entrance in the wrong spots , but i have to work with what i have and will try and make the best of it !
a little bit about my ( realistic ) goals : while i sure would like to do something to the likes of many here on this forum , i simply understand what is realistic and attainable .
so please understand that while i should be doing so many other things for a better room , i simply must stay within my means .
also , i firmly believe that in the end , while it may not sound or look as good as it could , it will be a much better and enjoyable experience than what i currently have .
so , i present some pictures and welcome your input .
i look forward to sharing my journey .
edit : i thought to add one of my " finished " pictures here .
