to you lcd gurus , please help me figure out what is wrong with my monitor !!! .
hey everyone i have a samsung syncmaster t220hd hdtv / monitor ( toc series ) that i bought new a few months ago .
the problem i am having has to do with the pq when using hdmi via xbox 360 and ps3 .
let me explain in detail : basically i got the monitor because it had 2 hdmi inputs and a dvi input ( for my computer ) .
i must say that the dvi input looks amazing and crisp but the hdmi input looks really bad with both the 360 and the ps3 .
the picture is way overly saturated and there is some weird artifacting / aliasing on images .
it almost looks like the sharpness is turned all the way up even though i turned it all the way down .
in halo 3 any enemy that was far away was almost indistinguishable due to jaggies and even things close on the screen had extra jaggies .
i was rather upset so i plugged in via the xbox 360 vga adapter and was amazed at how good the picture was compared to the same image via hdmi .
the enemies that were indistinguishable before now look really good with smooth outlines and no extra sharpness / jaggies .
the colors were also more rich and less overly vibrant .
it almost looks as good as the dvi image .
the ps3 unfortunately shares the same problems that the 360 does via hdmi .
now this would not be a huge problem if there were two vga inputs and the ps3 could output via vga .
but , since both of those are a negative , i am stuck with my 360 games looking amazing and my ps3 games / blu - ray movies looking sub par .
the component cables also look like crap with the ps3 , xbox 360 and wii .
in fact if something is 480p like the wii it is almost unplayable which looks fine on my parents samsung 40in 720p dlp .
what is going on here ?
does my monitor 's panel not display hdmi images well ?
if so why would vga and dvi look so good ?
things i have tried : used different hdmi cables ( which i know would n't cause this , digital is digital ) used a myriad of different settings on the monitor tried all the settings on the 360 and ps3 possible ( rgb colors , ect. ) switched between 1080p , 720p and 1080i on both machines things i have n't tried : hdmi to dvi cable for the ps3 . ?
