i made diy 2.40:1 masking for my 1.85:1 screen .
this is my second home theater .
in my first i made my screen in a 4:3 aspect ratio but quickly discovered that i was waching a lot of dvd 's and converted it to 1.85:1 .
this was great if movies were in that ratio but the black space above and below the image ( actually gray space ) was always something that i could do without .
in my current ht i made a 1.85:1 screen to maximize the image size when watching hdtv , something i did not have to consider on my first ht 5 years ago .
now that i have a 1.85:1 screen i love it with hdtv and blu - rays and dvd 's that are in that ratio .
but as you all know most movies these days are 2.35:1 or it seems even more common 2.40:1 .
so for the last year i have been thinking of ways i could maintain my 1.85:1 screen for hdtv and movies in that ratio but also rid myself of the gray space above and below the image when viewing 2.35 or 2.40:1 movies .
today i finally solved my problem .
i got the bug to conquer this late last night and by the morning i could not get to home depot quick enough .
my plan was to buy some foam that i could cut a couple of masks out of and then cover the foam in velvet .
it turns out i had exactly enough velvet left over from when i built my diy screen that these masks are for .
so i went to home depot and took a lok at the foam , it was immediately obvious that the foam was too flimsy and i would barely even be able to put the velvet over it , let alone pull it tightly .
so after a quick browse around hd for alternatives i hit the road to lowes hoping for better .
at lowes i found the same flimsy foam , my hopes were dashed .
but alas !
there was another type of foam at lowes , it was blue rather than the white that all of the other foam was .
this foam was much sturdier yet it almost seemed to weigh less , it certainly did not weigh more .
it comes in a 2ft x 8 ft sheet for $ 7.50 give or take a few cents .
i picked out a clean one with sharp edges and headed to get some more supplies .
standing in lowes i started to formulate the plan in my mind .
i would cut each of the 2 masks from each of the 2 long ends of the foam , that way the factory cut edge would be my edge that the movie will end at hopefully keeping the image lines sharp on screen .
but how would i keep these masks in place ?
my first thought was that it would be great if they fit inside my screen frame tightly by friction alone .
i grabbed some velcro just in case and then got a roll of masking tape to secure the velvet onto the foam , and a utility knife to cut the foam .
i got home and projected a 2.40:1 blu - ray on to my screen and measured the bars , they were approximately 5 inches tall each .
so i cut the 2 masks to 5 1/4 inches tall each and exactly 77 3/4 wide which is the inside dimensions of my frame .
i figured the velvet on top of the foam would ensure a tight fit even if i made the mask the exact same width as the inside dimension of the frame .
next i covered the mask with the velvet left over from covering the frame when i made this screen , of course this added the additional benefit of the masks matching the frame exactly .
i used masking tape to pull the velvet tightly around the foam and secured it to the back of the mask .
once the mask was covered in velvet i test fit it , about a quarter of an inch too wide .
i could force it in but then it bowed in the center .
so i opened the velvet up and cut off a tiny amount of foam and recovered it .
this time , bingo !
it fit like a champ , no velcro needed the friction was more than enough to hold it in place .
i tried it on the top and the bottom and both stayed in place beautifully .
finally i repeated the process to make the second mask .
so how did it turn out ?
a-m-a-z-i-n-g !!!!! i was flabbergasted and giddy when i projected my first 2.40:1 movie on it , it was beyond belief the improvement that the masks made .
besides that the masks completely blended into the surrounding frame due to the matching velvet and it was as if i had a 2.40:1 screen hanging on my wall !
colors pop a lot more now and i am totally unaware of bars or any other distractions , just the movie the way it was intended to be viewed .
would i change anything or do anything different ?
well the velvet does not fit as tight around the masks as i would ideally like .
this is due to the fact that i had to use masking tape to secure it , i could not think of a better way to attach velvet to foam .
still it looks 95 % great with a few areas along the edges of the mask that are less than perfectly sharp .
overall i am thrilled with this mod / upgrade and highly recommend it to all diy screen builders .
total cost for this upgrade was $ 7.50 for the foam , $ 2.50 for the masking tape , $ 1.96 for the utility knife and the original cost of the velvet that i bought a year ago .
so i guess i spent about $ 20 total including the velvet but i think i am overestimating .
photos : this is the screen as it was in 1.85:1 ratio with no masks .
you can really see those gray bars above and below i was targeting .
this is the screen with the masks in place now in 2.40 : 1 ratio .
the masks ca n't even be detected , the screen just looks like it is a 2.40:1 ratio screen .
this is a shot with the lights out of the screen without the masks .
on my laptop the gray bars are very obvious , on my desktop computer they are hard to see .
if your computer makes them difficult to see , trust me the bars are very visible in person and annoying .
this one is a shot in the dark with the masks installed .
if interested here are links to the 2 images above of the screen in the dark with the masks installed : http://members.cox.net/docprego/screenhr-masks.jpg and without the masks installed : http://members.cox.net/docprego/screenhr-no masks.jpg warning those files are huge and it is still difficult to see the gray area on my desktop but easy on my laptop .
if you look hard enough you can see the gray bars in the no masks shot .
the giveaway though is the pause icon on the lower left corner of the screen .
on the masks image you ca n't see it , the velvet completely absorbs the light but on the no masks image it is clearly visible .
here is a shot with the lights on of the masks uninstalled and standing up against the screen .
