.
the foundational and primary goal of display calibration is image fidelity ( faithfulness to the original program ) .
video is a mass communication medium .
the objective of any communication medium is to convey an original message as accurately and completely as possible .
any alteration of the message becomes a distortion of the original intent .
example : the parlor game where a circle of people pass a whispered message , delivered to the first person in the circle , then whispered to the next , on around the circle , and finally the last person announces what he thinks the message was .
invariably , each person alters the message slightly until the final recipient announces a garbled version that typically bears little resemblance to the original .
the video industry is governed and guided by standards , engineering guidelines , and recommended practices , defined by organizations such as : the society of motion picture and television engineers ( smpte ) , the international organization for standardization ( iso ) , the international telecommunications union ( itu ) , the advanced television systems committee ( atsc ) , etc. .
these standards and practices are intended to encourage and preserve : signal , equipment , and program accuracy , integrity , unity , consistency , and repeatability , all along the chain from program production , through post-production , to exhibition / broadcast / tape / dvd / etc. , and finally to the audience ( consumer ) .
if at any step along this path , industry standards are deviated from , the program can become dist0rteddd .
video displays used by program professionals are designed , manufactured and calibrated to tightly adhere to industry standards .
they include in their design certain features that allow technicians to adjust them periodically ( sometimes each day ) , using reference test signals , to insure picture accuracy .
such professional video monitors cost up to tens of thousands of dollars for relatively small sized screens .
they must perform reliably for years , sometimes operating around the clock .
consumer displays typically are designed , manufactured and adjusted at the factory to appeal to focus groups and the uninformed masses .
few consumers have ever seen a reference picture displayed on a calibrated broadcast or post-production monitor .
therefore , consumers are left to guess what their tv picture is supposed to look like .
consumer tvs and projectors cost far less than professional displays .
manufacturers often cut corners to reduce costs in order to compete with one another in the marketplace .
they also adjust their products at the factory to attract attention to their tvs on a show floor alongside samples of their competitors ' wares .
this could be compared to straining one 's voice in a shouting match .
such over-accentuated pictures may dazzle the casual shopper but are not representative of correct pictures for regular viewing in the home .
video industry standards and practices are regularly deviated from and ignored by manufacturers .
fortunately , most consumer displays include adjustment features that allow someone who knows what they 're doing to make the picture behave closer to proper standards .
display calibration is simply making adjustments to the video device in order to achieve a more accurate picture .
the artists who produce video programs want their intended audience to see what they saw on their calibrated professional monitors .
uncalibrated consumer displays can not convey faithfully what the program originator intended .
a distorted picture is the result .
artistic integrity is lost .
distortion reduces the value of any program and prevents the owner of the equipment from fully enjoying the capabilities of the display device they have purchased .
the picture may be " watchable " and even enjoyable to an individual viewer - up to a point .
most consumers are never aware just how much better their programs can look if they were able to experience the picture the originator of the program envisioned .
some consumers may actually prefer a distorted picture .
for more discriminating viewers , there are resources available that help bring correct imaging into their home .
professional results can be obtained from consumer display devices with the right understanding , skills and tools .
reference test signals and simple tutorial programs have become available on dvd for many years to help the consumer make some picture adjustments .
these programs are limited , however .
the most complete resource for optimizing consumer displays is available in the form of professional calibration services .
such services can be performed by consumers , but only after much study , investment in technical instruments , suitable aptitude , and perseverance .
hiring a trained professional is much less daunting to the average display owner .
in any case , the display owner must keep in mind that the goal of calibration is not to achieve any individual 's preconceived notion of what a " good " image should look like .
the originator of a given video program is the one responsible for determining how the image is supposed to appear .
the goal of calibration is to make the display behave as much like a professional monitor as possible .
ideally , the display should serve as a neutral and accurate communicator of the video signals delivered for the viewer .
only then can artistic integrity , display accuracy , and image fidelity be completely enjoyed .
in the end , it 's really all about correctly communicating the art .
best regards and beautiful pictures , g. alan brown , president cinemaquest , inc. .
a lion av consultants affiliate " advancing the art and science of electronic imaging "
