should i spend the time even designing something for this room ? .
this forum is awesome .
i just love reading about all the builds and wish i had a huge basement to do a dedicated theater in but maybe the next house .
i just bought a new house last month .
one of the reasons we picked this house was because it was big enough on the first floor for `` everyday living '' but then had more space upstairs for `` other things '' .
these other things consist of a home office , playroom , possibly guest room , and a tv area .
we have toyed around with how to do this upstairs as there is only two rooms , a `` bedroom '' and a bonus room to go along with a full bath and a large hall closet .
our latest design is to have the bedroom be a playroom/guestroom and the bonus room will be our media room/home office .
here is a couple of pictures of our bonus room : from the stairs : the dormer on the right side : left wall : dormer/right wall : hallway and stairs on the `` back wall '' : the room measures approximately 12 ' 7 '' w x 30 ' 6 '' long x 8 ' h .
the flat part of the ceiling is 7 ' w .
the left wall tapers to a height of 67 3/4 '' and the right wall tapers to 69 '' .
for now my office will be at the end of the room with an l shaped desk around the window .
the tv area is going to be at the end near the stairs with the tv going on the left wall along with the fronts and a sub as well as a built-in equipment rack between the half wall and the dwarf-door leading to storage .
if i do a dedicated theater in this room my thought is to build out a false wall at the end of the room , hiding the window , use an at screen -lrb- size tbd -rrb- , possibly a stage if i have enough height , have two rows of seating with 3 chairs each or a couch/love seat arrangement .
the back row will be on a riser .
the room would then either have a false wall at the rear or be open as it currently stands .
i would still need to leave room for an office toward the stairs .
now my questions : 1 .
if i do a false wall for an at screen how much room should be between the existing wall and the false wall ?
2 .
approximately what size screen do you think is `` doable '' ?
3 .
how far would that put my viewing distance for each row ?
4 .
i would need to leave room behind the last row for walking space .
how much ?
5 .
what should i do for construction ?
the room is above the garage with no other rooms directly adjoining , although the hallway at the back of the room leads to a full bath and bedroom .
the walls are all insulated as is the floor and ceiling .
i see no need to rip the drywall out , except for maybe some help in running wires for the pj , lights , and speakers , but i can get behind the existing walls through the storage doors -lrb- which the storage will need to be retained for our extra junk and christmas stuff , etc. -rrb- and can get on top of the ceiling through other attic access .
should i still do double drywall with gg in between ?
6 .
i would likely do a rear soffit for the pj if the distance worked out , but what about side soffits with the sloped walls ?
i was thinking i could come straght down for the edge of the flat celing with the soffit , maybe just a small one at 6 '' or so for crown molding and possibly some can lights .
7 .
what do i do with the dormer on the right ?
i could do an equipmetn rack there but maybe a small concession area instead and leave the equipment rack outside the room .
are there any other obstacles to overcome with this room that you can see ?
sorry for such a long post , but thanks for any advice you could give .
