diyer turns tragedy into home theater .
diyer turns tragedy into home theater by rachel cericola vincent bova 's wait before brain surgery gave birth to a new hobby -- and a business opportunity .
three years ago , vincent bova didn?t have a home theater .
life was busy , with his job on wall street , his wife jennifer , 2 - year - old nikolette , and a new home .
he did have the bug , though . ?
i was fascinated with home theater , but also very intimidated by it , ?
vincent says . ?
my knowledge over the years was very technical , but it was more computer - based . ?
to spice up his new digs , he called a local shop , image and sound fx , for an estimate on a whole - house audio system .
as for many of us , time flew by , and the project was put on hold .
however , vincent was about to hit his own bump .
in august 2005 , his vision started to get blurry .
convinced it was due to work , lack of sleep and too much computer time , he blew off seeing a specialist .
then , the headaches set in .
umerous bottles of advil and two doctor visits later , vincent was diagnosed with a brain tumor , which had mounted itself on his optical nerves and pituitary gland . ?
everything was put on hold?work , projects , vacations , etc. ?
while i sought a fine doctor who could help me , ?
he says .
aside from increasing difficulties with his vision , there was the wait for treatment . ?
i spent most of my time home organizing and finalizing anything that needed to be done in the event i didn?t make it through this very difficult surgery . ?
with his surgery scheduled , vincent needed a positive way to pass the time . ?
it was at this time when i started reading and surfing the web about home theater , home automation , and anything related to the field , ?
he says . ?
i was fascinated , and the feeling of having nothing to lose was overwhelming . ?
he began taking things apart , and rewiring whatever he could get his hands on . ?
i did not sleep .
the anxiety of the surgery was overwhelming and it was next to impossible for me to sleep .
i must have spent 16 to 20 hours a day wrapping myself in the a / v world .
it was great therapy !?
click here to read more .
view slideshow .
copyright electronic house
