additional pics .
the gruhin family theater i have been trolling avs for a long time now and decided that since my theater project is nearing completion , i would post , letting everyone know that this site and the posts of other members has been a great inspiration to me during my first theater project .
i will begin the story with details of how we came to own our current house .
my fiance and i were living in an apartment complex which unfortunately burned to the ground due to faulty electrical wiring with the building .
a few months in a hotel and some nice insurance money later we purchased our first home together .
built in 1953 it had a bit to be desired but the price was right and plenty of rooms !
( 5 bedrooms , 3 bath , a partially finished basement and 2 car attached garage ) it has always been my wish to have a man cave so to speak but ... the fiance was not having it , she did not want a room in the home dedicated to beer drinking and my drunken buddies .
so we came to a compromise , a family theater / game room , and i could design it however i wanted within reason , without any remodeling & my modest budget of around $ 6,000 .
i set off on a quest to get the most bang for my buck and to make the room as clean and clutter free as possible when finished .
i was not so great about documenting my build as i was just trying to get it done within an acceptable waf time frame .
things still to change : carpet needs to be changed asbestos acoustic ceiling tiles .... i could leave them and they are not hurting anyone but i just do n't like them being there riser for sofa , and 2 more matched recliners for another row of seating perhaps a small stage under the screen equipment used : epson cinemalite 720p yamaha ysp - 900 & matched yamaha sub lutron ir dimmers logitech harmony 550 remote atlona 4 port component video switch w / ir learning sony dss modulator / ir sender over coax ( used for ir only ) sa8300hdc hd pvr cable box nintendo wii belkin pureav battery backup / line conditioner custom htpc runing vista ultimate ( i know but it works ) all cables from monoprice.com items in rack not specifically theater related : netgear fs726tp poe 24 port smart switch with gb cobalt raq3i converted to ipcop firewall / router linksys wrt54g running dd - wrt with panel antenna in garage dell dimension running trixbox for whole home voip system ( phone on wall in some pics is an aastra 480i , which are deployed througout the house using poe ) rest of home av equipment : 3 x vizio vx32l 32 " 720p lcds 1 x vizio vo47lf 47 " 1080p lcd 1 x hanns - g 22 " lcd monitor with hdmi in for kitchen tv 4 x linksys dma - 2100 mce extenders 1 x xbox 360 ( used only as mce extender / dvd player ) ( one of the vx32l sets is hooked up to cable only for clear qam ) htpc : core 2 duo e6400 4 gb ram nvidia 8600gt lite - on bd - drive 3x250 gb drives for boot , programs 1x500 gb drive recorded tv 2 tb ( 4x750 ) gb raid 5 storage 2x avc - 3610 dual analog usb tuners , 4 analog tuners 2x silicondust hdhomeruns , 4 hd tuners intel 1000mt nic for gb games : ms. pacman ( saved from our apartment fire , needs some tlc now , the glass cracked in the heat but it still works ! )
family guy pinball new !!
( my 1975 williams grand prix pinball machine did not survive the fire .... hooray insurance ! )
now on to the pics these first 2 pics were actually taken when we looked at the house with our real estate agent , who is pictured in one of the photos this next image is just after i had painted most of the room to get rid of the white walls and the new theater sofa was delivered .
i would have loved berklines however budget dictated i look outside the box and found this gem at value city furniture , with ottoman and delivered for $ 999.00 , 4 cup holders storage bins between end recliners and a storage ottoman .
even my dog shadow loves it !
below is a photo of " the brains of the house " , i am a network guy at heart so my theater project is really a mix of whole home networking and home theater .
i knew i wanted to watch my movies in any room of the house and i also know i am as lazy as the next guy when it comes to loading the dvd player .
so vista with media center seemed like a good fit and the extenders on ebay are pretty cheap at about $ 200 each .
i spent a lot of time ripping the movies i had which survived the fire and rebuilding my collection , but i am happy to say i have about 800 movies stored on my main htpc and can watch them in any room of the house .
my equipment makes a lot of noise not really being designed for a quiet theater environment but i luckily had space under the steps next to my theater room in which to install everything !
the rest of the pics are pretty much just the room as it is today .
i will call it 90 % completed at this point .
i still have some painting to touch up but nothing major .
i have the candy stand pretty much stocked and ready for movie night .
early pics of the room paneling removed to pull wire game area more movie posters and new light fixtures candy stand & some movie posters lots of benjamin moore eggshell black paint ... .
lutron ir dimmer picture coming down the stairs i hope you enjoy my pics and if you have any questions or comments i would love to hear them !
thank you avs !
