mile long lounge - * take 2 * .
well , after the " great erase " that avs had a few months ago , i have finally had time to re-post my thread : below i will post all of [ i ] my [ i ] old posts and then take it from where i left off .
post # 1 : aug. 4 , 2008 04:45 pm well after about 6 months of research and countless hours reading threads here on avs , i am ready to begin my own journey into the home theater world .
here is a little background on my space : - 8ft foundation walls ( this means its in the basement .
here in wisconsin , you consider your basement to be part of your home , not just storage space ) - will include a small bar .
probably dry , but the hook ups for a wet bar are available to that is still an option .
- also includes 10 ' x 12 ' " bedroom " ( no egress window so it will actually be a bonus room that happens to have a bed in it ) , and a full bath with whirlpool tub - the important stuff ... what i am thinking for av equipmant : ?
epson powerlite home cinema 720 pj ?
92 " premium elite tab - tension electric screen ?
onkyo ht - s5100 7.1 - channel home theater pictures and floor plans will come tonight .
please share any and all input ( good or bad ) w / me post # 2 : aug. 5 , 2008 09:14 am well , the 720 pj is due to budget .
also , i have a shorter throw distace so hopefully the 720 will sufice .
the onkyo htib has a possiblility of being replaced with a klipsch / polk audio set up with klipsch synergy iii towers in the front .
i have to spend some more time listening to them and see where the budget is in a few months .
to everyone that checked in last night , sorry the pictures never got up .
i ended up finishing my insulation and starting the rough framing last night .
give me a few hours to get a floor plan and renderings up and tonight i will post pictures of the space .
thanks !
post # 3 : on : 08-06-08 08:46 am here 's the renderings and floor plan so now you do n't have to click the links above : floor plan : looking at the bar : ( note equipment rack above bar ) looking at the screen from behind the bar : looking at the post and screen from bottom of stairs : birds eye view show entire basement : the walls will actually be a darker color .
sketch up was giving me trouble with colors .
i am thinking a dark rust color .
all of the trim is cherry stained maple to match the rest of the house .
i forgot to mention earlier that i have a 42 " fujitsu plasma for the back bar .
it is three years old but i got it free a few weeks ago and it works great and has a fantastic picture !
let me know what you think and feel free to give me any and all advice you may have
