looking for some advice from the veteran htpc folks on a new machine .
my previous computer having died months prior , i recently began work on a replacement .
i?m hoping that some of you could lend your experience and knowledge to help me get it up and running .
i?ll try to be as thorough as possible .
my uses for the previous computer were : - viewing of video files - encoding cds into lossless and playing back via itunes - ripping and storage of dvds via dvd decryptor - playback of dvds and stored dvds - using microsoft office and other apps to work at home and prepare teaching materials - occasional playing of games ( mostly city of heroes ) things i would like the new computer to be able to do as well : - playback of blu ray and hd dvd ( yes , despite its recent demise ) - ripping and storage of blu ray and hd dvds - decoding of dolby truehd and dts - hd ma for blu ray and hd dvd playback - improved graphics for games ( most of which are 5 + years old ) - quick and dependable use for office applications such as power point and photoshop - quiet enough to not be distracting - easy to use - compatible with the logitech harmony series remotes ( to make it easier to use ) despite the note about playing games , i am not interested in building a gaming pc .
i want to put something together that will fit in with my other home theater equipment and be unobtrusive visually and aurally , so an htpc is the goal here .
it will be used with a panasonic th - ae500 projector ( same as pt - l500u , but includes a d4 input in addition to the inputs on the us model ) with the audio being sent to both a denon avc - 1920 receiver for movie playback and a rotel rsp 985 processor amped through a hafler p3000 stereo amplifier for stereo music playback .
the hardware has been pretty simple to figure out .
the system thus far is a q6600 core 2 duo quad core processor on a biostar gf 7050v - m7 motherboard with 1 stick of 2 gb memory .
for audio i have installed an onkyo se200pci , which is phenomenal for audio playback and does 7.1 analog audio out , so if i can get dolby truehd and dts - hd ma decoding on the htpc itself , then i can output it to the denon through the pre inputs on the receiver .
the optical drive i am using is the lg ggw - h20n blu - ray / hd dvd drive ( same as us ggw - h20l ) .
i ran the advisor after installing and it verified what i had expected , that the onboard video on the motherboard wouldn?t be capable of blu ray and hd dvd playback .
i had been intending to pick up a sapphire hd 3870 ultimate , but may opt for the gigabyte gv - rx387512h radeon hd 3870 instead , depending on availability of the sapphire card and the loudness of the gigabyte card .
i also plan on replacing my current wireless mouse and keyboard with an apple wireless keyboard and logitech v470 bluetooth mouse .
i would also like to change my basic case that i am using for now with an antec fusion 430 case and replacing the current system disc with either one or two ( striped ) western digital raptor 74 gb drives .
i?ll also be adding another 2 gig stick and possibly swapping out the motherboard for something that doesn?t require a pci card for gigabit ethernet ( allowing a tuner card ) ?
i haven?t decided yet .
i think i?ve got a pretty good handle on the hardware side of things , but i?m finding myself a bit perplexed on the software side .
to begin with , i?m really not sure what os this thing should be running .
i am currently using windows xp , but am considering purchasing mce based on things i have read here .
i am also curious about vista , but not all of the hardware i have and its accompanying software and drivers is vista compatible , plus there are other concerns i have regarding that os .
it sounds like mce has gotten pretty solid though , and i?m interested .
is it an easier to use interface than xp ?
i had been worried about itunes , but mcetunes takes care of that hiccup , right ?
the issue of blu ray and hd dvd playback and usage is also a matter of concern .
i prefer storing my media on attached storage for convenience and damage - prevention purposes , and from what i?ve seen anydvd hd will allow me to do that with blu ray and hd dvd discs .
are there any other or preferable options ?
is dvd decryptor still a viable option for dvds ?
once i remove the region coding ( my film collection is multi-region ) , can i pull all 3 formats into mymovies ?
is there a better option for organizing store discs at this point ?
also , once the discs have been ripped , what?s the best option for playback ?
my drive came with cyberlink powerdvd , and from what i?ve read it seems to cover dolby truehd and dts - hd ma decoding and handle most of what?s out there , but i?ve read a lot of threads here full of complaints about the software .
is there a better option ?
any advice you can give will be greatly appreciated .
thanks in advance !
- rik
