.
well ; like many here i have built `` stuff '' w/o proper knowledge , then sometimes decided to try and fix it afterward .
dirtft , yes i know , if we all knew then what we are aware of now ... .
take my 2nd row seat riser , i built that 3 years ago , way before i even heard of ht acoustics/bass traps etc. .
not that i know much technical analysis - i have read the book `` master handbook of acoustics '' twice , so i 'm aware of the need to address it for ht usage for proper sound quality -lrb- rt60/delay time -rrb- and reducing bass `` boominess '' .
but i do n't live/walk it like the experts .
i 'm trying to retrofit that riser into a broadband bass trap and also improve the walking ergonomics of it by making is 7 ' deep instead of 5 ' 6 '' deep .
7 ' deep will allow the rear seats some more space from the rear wall , and people can walk in front of the seats reclined w/o tripping over them while still on the riser .
-lrb- yes , that happened already , so before carpeting i need to fix that -rrb- i 've read these threads : pls review riser bass trap riser as bass trap - still in or out ?
riser as broad band bass trap and saw this article dennis erskine wrote and someone posted links too : the marked up picts is my plan : the riser is currently filled with pink insulation , this morning i removed the top .
upon all this being done i will put 30lb roof felt under the complete unit / floor and also add a 2nd sheet of 3/4 '' osb on top of the 1st sheet , separated by 30lb roof felt .
yes , my 2 x 8 's run the width of the room , not the length of the room - not correct to the article dennis wrote , so now i have to cut slots in them for the bass to breathe and be absorbed by the insulation , or just the rear chamber is `` active '' .
the volume of my chamber will then be not individual like the riser in dennis 's article , rather much more .
i sure there is mathematical relationship to volume and frequency , just like 1/4 wavelength is a `` magic '' length when you want to address some frequency response .
-lrb- it 's been 25 years since my msme and vibration analysis -rrb- .
i 'm open to comments/suggestions , and appreciate any/all .
i have speaker grille cloth to put under the vents so the pink is not visible/getting into living space .
