.
guys , i need your advice regarding setting up a pc to lcd tv system to watch hd - dvds and blu - rays .
i shall explain my situation .
two months back i bought an lg ggc - h20l blu - ray hd - dvd combo drive for pc .
since then i have been watching movies on these high - def formats , on my acer al1916w 19 " lcd widescreen pc monitor .
i also had to upgrade my graphics card to geforce 9600 gt 512 mb so that i can watch hd movies smoothly using nvidia purevideo hd acceleration .
i have a pretty good 6 channel digital speaker set connected to my pc - logitech z - 5500 .
at present it is positioned correctly and i am really enjoying it .
so , other than the small display , the setup is good for me .
though i am happy with the present setup , i feel the hd experience will be complete only when the display is bigger than my present one .
but i ca n't go out and buy a 50 " or 60 " monster due to budget and space constraints .
i have a wall right behind my computer table .
i am thinking of buying an lcd tv and positioning it above and behind the pc monitor , on to the wall .
in that way , i can connect with a dvi to hdmi convertor , from geforce to the tv and enjoy hd visuals .
also i can maintain the sound system in tact as the playback will continue from pc only .
the width of the room is about 10 ft , wall to wall .
so , when i mount the tv on the wall , the maximum distance i can sit back is about 7 ft. therefore i think a 32 " lcd tv should be suitable for me as it fits my pocket and the viewing distance perfectly .
now here are my doubts .
1 ) 720p or 1080p .
i know 1080p produces the best visuals but i also heard the noticable difference between 720p and 1080p starts when the tv is bigger than like 50 " ( the video source will be always dvd or hd - dvd / blu - ray for me ) .
whats your opinion on this ?
2 ) geforce 9600 gt supports hdmi .
but the output is dvi .
so if i use a dvi to hdmi converter cable , will it reduce the image quality in anyway ?
also will the converter result in slow data transfer which might in turn result in hd video ( blu - ray and hd - dvd discs ) playing in slow motion or going out of sync with the audio ?
please post your suggestions .
