on wall center speaker for kitchen advice sought .
hello , we are remodeling our kitchen .
on one wall we are flush mounting a apple 23 " cinema display connected to a pc in a remote location through in wall wiring .
we will watch tv and play music from on this computer and i am looking for decent speakers to compliment it .
i have wired for two in ceiling speakers about a foot off the wall and about 2 to 4 feet apart , centered on either the display .
the speakers are not in the wall because its a thin ( 4 " ) external wall and they would subtract form the insulation .
( old house ) .
i could also place a center speaker on the wall surface below the display , but i have not yet found one of suitable size and dimensions .
i am concerned that when watching tv , if the sound is only coming from those ceiling speakers , the audio will seem displaced from the display .
its an 8 ' ceiling and one typical view area is about 8 ' away ( the kitchen work area ) and the other is 3 ' from the display ( the breakfast table is right in front of the display ) question 1 ) is this true ?
or would picking the correct stereo ceiling speakers provide acceptable tv viewing and music ?
its a kitchen so we are not looking for home theatre like quality , but i am hoping for something a little better the typical built - in tv speakers .
i would like to mount a small , flat ' center ' speaker just below the display on the wall surface , but the aesthetics are important .
the apple monitor lays flat against the wall ( we recessed the mount ) , so ideally the speaker would be on the order of 1 " to 2 " thick and less than 21 " wide .
the display is 21 " x 14 " x 3/4 " .
question 2 ) does anyone know of a small , flat , wall mountable center speaker ?
i have not been able to find any .
a flat bar speaker would be acceptable .
i am looking to spend several hundred on each speaker , but would consider any price for a speaker that works well in this setup .
thanks for your time considering my situation .
over the years the members of avsforum has been a great help to me and i appreciate it .
-- bobg
