journey to the center of the earth ( blu - ray ) official avsforum review .
the review at a glance : ( max score : 5 ) film : extras : audio / video total rating : ( max score : 100 ) 82 studio and year : new line / warner - 2008 mpaa rating : pg feature running time : 92 minutes genre : action / adventure disc format : bd - 50 encoding : vc - 1 video aspect : 1.85:1 resolution : 1080p / 24 audio format ( s ) : english / spanish dolby digital 5.1 surround subtitles : english and spanish starring : brendan fraser , josh hutcherson , anita briem directed by : eric brevig music by : andrew lockington written by : michael weiss , jennifer flackett , mark levin region code : a blu - ray disc release date : october 28 , 2008 " same planet .
different world " film synopsis : brendan fraser stars in this action - packed adventure based on the jules vern classic that is sure to deliver fun for the whole family !
on a hunch to find the center of the earth , trevor anderson ( fraser ) , his nephew and their tour guide make a breakthrough discovery that launches them on a thrilling journey into the unknown .
on a scramble to find their way back , the group travels through a never - before - seen world encountering creatures and objects never imagined .
my take : my 14 year old son saw this in the theater earlier this year and said it was okay but not any great shakes .
i think a film like this plays to brendan fraser &#8217; s strengths and i like josh hutcherson so i looked forward to reviewing it .
it appears to me that this film is aimed at a younger audience although there is no reason why it couldn &#8217; t be enjoyed by everyone .
the plot is rather elementary and the dialogue ( especially fraser &#8217; s ) is somewhat trite at times .
in a film like this it wasn &#8217; t altogether out of place and younger viewers will probably get a kick out of it .
the story &#8217; s main focus is on fraser who portrays professor trevor anderson , and his nephew sean ( hutcherson ) who embark on a journey to iceland in search of a signal generated by a seismic monitoring device that detects unusual activity near a region where trevor &#8217; s brother max ( and sean &#8217; s father ) disappeared 10 years earlier .
before they left they discovered max &#8217; s copy of jules vern &#8217; s journey to the center of the earth which has illustrations and notes that they can not quite interpret but which lead them to a specific location in iceland .
once there they meet up with hannah who is a mountain guide .
it just so happens that her father is the man whose name is scribbled in max &#8217; s book .
hannah looks at it and informs them that her father was a &#8220; vernian &#8221; ( someone who believes that his books have factual basis ) and that it appears that max was as well .
she agrees to take them to the seismic monitor &#8217; s location which is high up in a mountainous region .
they hike to the location , and find the monitor but get caught in an electrical storm which drives them into a nearby cave that subsequently leads down the rabbit hole , literally.if you put aside your thinking cap and try and look at the film as nothing more than a simple fantasy adventure i suspect that it will be more entertaining .
the opening segment was poorly executed and seemed like its only purpose was to provide a fast character intro and the minor details required to send them on their way .
once they meet up with hannah ( anita briem ) things pick up and the story becomes a bit more fun .
in the end i found the movie to be mildly entertaining but not much more than that .
parental guide : the rating is for intense adventure action and some scary moments .
the scary moments are few but it might be a bit much for kids under 10 .
audio / video - by the numbers : reference = 92 - 100 / excellent = 83 - 91 / good = 74 - 82 / average = 65 - 73 / below average = under 65 ** my audio / video ratings are based upon a comparative made against other high definition media / blu - ray disc .
** ( each rating is worth 4 points with a max of 5 per category ) audio : 80 dynamics : low frequency extension : surround sound presentation : clarity / detail : dialogue reproduction : video : 84 ( each rating is worth 4 points with a max of 5 per category ) resolution / clarity : black level / shadow detail : color reproduction : fleshtones : compression : journey to the center of the earth comes to blu - ray disc from warner / new line featuring 1080p vc - 1 encoded video that has an average bitrate of 24 mbps and lossy dolby digital 5.1 channel audio that has a constant bit rate of 640 kbps.the video presentation was generally solid and had a pristine quality that is consistent with movies shot using high definition video cameras .
images were highly detailed with resolute sharpness and fine structure .
it had a smooth , glossy quality that lacked filmic characteristics .
this is the first film live action film to be shot in digital 3d and overall the results were positive .
both the 2d and 3d versions are included and switching between the two is as simple as accessing the features menu and toggling back and forth which is instantaneous .
i watched both versions and preferred the 2d simply because the 3 dimensional aspects give me a headache after a while .
four pairs of 3d glasses are included in the blu - ray disc case and are the cheap cardboard type with one green and one red lens that never feel comfortable while you are wearing them .
the 3d effects are abundant and were actually good enough that they made me flinch once .
the opening and closing segments of the film ( the ones that basically didn &#8217; t take place in the center of the earth ) offered boldly vivid colors that appeared over saturated and slightly exaggerated in tonality .
skintones were washed out and lacking in complexional delineation .
once the group enters the caves and eventually the world at the center of the earth the video took on a different look .
primary colors were less vibrant and there appeared to be filtering applied that gave the video a light tan colored cast which didn &#8217; t permeate everything but was visually intrusive none the less .
the majority of the sequences shot in the fantasy world were in front of green screens with the backgrounds , water , and creatures being cgi .
the computer generated creatures / effects didn &#8217; t look the best and at times resembled animated objects ( especially in the case of the fish and t - rex ) .
the mixture of live people and cgi backgrounds sometimes made images appear less resolute .
this was not to a degenerative degree but it made sharpness feel less consistent .
shadow detail was very good in the darkened cave segments and black levels were respectable but not the best that i have seen .
i didn &#8217; t notice any signs of video related anomalies.here is another blu - ray release from warner that does not include lossless audio support .
i am not clear why they have chosen to do this but the decision in my opinion is not a good one .
this soundtrack is tailor made for high resolution audio and the included 640 kbps lossy dolby digital track didn &#8217; t provide the definitive articulation and superior dynamic presence that lossless can .
dialogue intelligibility was never a problem and its place within the front soundstage was firm .
surround activity is abundant and quite engaging as falling debris , crashing water , and the heavy footfalls of a large prehistoric animal bear down on the listening position .
dynamic impact and low frequency detail had excellent room penetration and palpable resonance that was notable .
bonus features : behind the story : commentary by brendan fraser and director eric brevig ( hd ) a world with our world : 10 minute documentary on historic &#8220; hollow earth &#8221; theories ( hd ) being josh : 6 minute segment that follows actor john hutcherson during a typical day on the set of the film ( hd ) how to make dino drool : 3 minute how to documentary digital copy : bonus disc containing a standard definition version of the film that can be downloaded from a compatible pc to a portable playback device 2d and 3d versions of the film including 4 pairs of 3d glasses final thoughts : journey to the center of the earth was an average action adventure film that will probably appeal more to younger viewers than die hard genre fans .
i didn &#8217; t dislike it but felt that its story was somewhat simplistic and myopic .
its high definition video quality was quite good although its overall technical merits are slightly diminished by its lack of lossless audio support .
hopefully warner sees fit to resume including high resolution audio encodings on their blu - ray disc releases soon .
i would recommend this disc as a rental prior to purchase .
ralph potts avs forum blu - ray reviews reference review system : jvc dla - rs1x 1080p high definition front projector carada precision brilliant white 96 " screen oppo 970hd universal disc dvd player ( 480i hdmi ) toshiba hd - xa2 hd dvd player ( hdmi audio / video ) panasonic dmp - bd55k blu - ray disc player ( hdmi audio / video ) sony playstation 3 blu - ray disc player ( hdmi audio / video ) marantz dv7001 universal disc player denon avr 5308ci thx ultra 2 preamp / video processor b&k reference 200.7 series 2 seven channel amplifier canton " ergo " series speakers axiom audio qs8 quadpolar speakers sv sound pb - 13 ultra ( rosenut finish ) apc av s15blk power conditioner / surge protector furman spr - 20i stable power regulator wireworld , vizionware , audioquest , best deal cables - audio / video / speaker cabling cool components - cp - cp102 cooling package
