blaxxxima 's basement build * pics and stuff yeah * .
howdy ya 'll .
so i 'm in the process of having my basement finished , and as part of this , am building a dedicated home theatre room .
this will not be some ` elite ' level room , but will nonetheless be given as much of a pro-touch as possible within my pretty decent budget .
unfortunately for me / you , i do n't have 3-d plans in autocad or some fun application , but what i lack in that , i will make up for in photos .
the premise of the basement is such : - home theatre room - nanny suite -lrb- we have a live-in nanny coming within the month -rrb- with attached bathroom - children 's play room - library / sitting room / extension of child 's play room the nanny suite shares a wall with the ht room -lrb- a load bearing wall -rrb- , so i will be doing the following to manage that , and to manage the quality of the sound in that room .
two of the walls -lrb- front , and left -rrb- are exterior concrete walls .
- double studded wall separating nanny room and ht room -lrb- rooms currently separated by the load bearing wall - so add 2nd wall -rrb- - insulate wall and ceiling with fibreglass insulation - 5/8 '' dd/gg on all four walls and on wall in nanny suite -lrb- 5 walls total -rrb- - 1/2 '' 3d/gg on ceiling i 'm very new to this process , but am trying to learn at an accelerated pace so i can make most of the right decisions now rather than later .
that being said , i will be soliciting opinions on process and electronics / equipment , should you be willing to provide it .
all of your $ .02 are appreciated , even if i ca n't make it happen .
anyway , enough of that - here 's an early floor plan .
things may have changed somewhat , or may not be well explained on the drawing .
the ht room will be sealed , with doors at the bottom of the stairs , and at load bearing wall .
here 's the layout .
the stairs come down towards the bottom of the picture - with the ht room to the left .
dimensions of the room -lrb- when finished -rrb- will likely be about 12ft w x 16.5 ft l.
