colors .
so right now in my living room i have a sony 52 " w4100 and a samsung 40 " a650 side by side .
i 've had the sony for a few days now and the 650 for about a month .
anyways , i 'll be returning the 650 to bb shortly , so while i still have them both in my living room , i thought i might as well do a service to those people out there who are still on the fence between these two fine sets and compare them .
so , let the showdown begin ... note : this comparison is pretty subjective , i 'm just gon na report what i see .
picture settings on both tvs are n't exactly identical or optimized , but i use cnet 's settings .
also , i did n't have a hdmi splitter so i could only see one tv playing at a time and have to pause / freeze the other to make comparisons .
and lastly , one is a 52 " while the other is only 40 " ... so not exactly an ideal comparison , but whatever ... blacks : i like deep blacks , to me it is most important aspect of pq , so naturally most of my time were spent looking at black levels .
this one was close .
with daylight or bright lighting , the samsung 650 's blacks looked much nicer and deeper , it gives colors and images more " pop " and they really stand out .
on the other hand , the sony w4100 had just as deep shades of blacks , however , due to its matte / semi-glossy screen , the blacks looked washed out and hazy because it absorbs light rather than reflect them like the glossy screen on the 650 .
so the 650 's excellent blacks during the daytime definitely make everything look much better than the w4100 thanks to its glossy screen , however this comes at a cost since the glossy screen does produce a ton of glare if there 's a lot of bright lighting with windows nearby like i do .
the w4100 was somewhat better at cutting down the glare , but still , during the daytime both tv 's were terrible with dark movies / scenes .
however , both were fine as long as i only watched bright and colorful contents such sports , videogames or cabletv .
but for most movies , especially those dark movies with letterboxes , i find it better to view them during the evening and best in a completely dark room .
speaking of which , when evening / nigh - time rolled in , things got a little more interesting ... when there was no light reflections / glare , black levels on both sets were equally good .
however , once the room got completely dark , that 's when the w4100 really outperforms the 650 in delivering much deeper inky blacks ; the 650 's blacks just looked a bit grayish , even when i adjust the backlight to levels below 3 -- crushing the blacks -- it still did n't look as dark as the w4100 and the w4100 could get even darker in certain dark scenes with autodimming ( more on this later ) but of course this crushes blacks and kills details in shadows . .
speaking of which ... shadow details : imo , retaining details in really dark scenes is equally as important as having deep blacks .
this one was a close call as well , but the edge goes to the w4100 because it was able to deliver much better shadow details in dark scenes while still maintaining darker blacks .
i did try to get the 650 to show more details by upping the brightness past 50 and backlight past 3 , but this kills the blacks .
for instance , in the pic below , i was able to clearly see on the w4100 the details in the folds on the guy 's jacket and the dark things at the bottom right corner , but on the 650 most were just a glob of black and i only saw a small part of the things in the bottom corner .
also , at the center of the pic there is suppose to be a man 's face / head , which i could make out the sony , but it was all black on the sammy .
