.
i have two -lrb- 2 -rrb- olevia lt30hv televisions -lrb- linkies -rrb- .
i have a ps3 and an explorer 8000hd cable box for using comcast .
the tv is very strange as it has a low 480p/480i only input , and regular up to 1080i input .
both are component video input .
it also has a dvi input but i do n't use it , as well as other lower inputs .
i want to be able to use both the ps3 and comcast cable box on the 1080i resolution .
it is only a 30inch tv - but still . .
its what i have right now .
i recently become disabled -lrb- permenantly ?? -rrb-
and have to watch my pennies i suspect for rest of my life .
ok cut to the chase : ps3 directly to tv gives at times drops in the signal where the tv cuts off .
it does n't happen that often , and only happens at the higher resolution - but still it happens .
when hooking the explorer and the ps3 to a switcher then to the tv -lrb- its a powered switcher by cables to go -rrb- , the same thing happens on both from the comcast video through the 8000hd , and the ps3 .
the comcast box by itself to the tv - does n't do this .
it works - but that forces me to use ps3 in 480i/480p mode .
not too great on the latest games .
i was thinking that the tv is programmed to only allow a certain level of signal to work and anything lower it cuts off - saying there is no signal .
i suspect this because most of the drop outs happen during the inbetween sections where a commerical is , or the inbetween sections of the games .
i say most - because sometimes it just happens .
so my question is this - has anyone else have any experience with said happenings with other tv 's ?
if so is there a way of fixing it like with an amplifier ?
i just bought the switch - but can return it to amazon if i can find a switch with an amplifier - but my quandry is that if i do this , how can i be sure that the signal level will be high enough -lrb- even with an amplifier -rrb- to ensure i do n't get drop outs ?
i was thinking if i ca n't find the amplifier with a switch , then i could just put one between the switch and the tv - thus amplifying both the ps3 and comcast box .
i know this tv is several years old , and only a 30inch ... but considering i have two of them - i would like to keep them going for a while .
they have a great picture otherwise .
of course i am hoping and praying for dirt cheap oled tvs that do not fade and die in a matter of months - but i suspect that dream is many years away .
michael
