linacoustic above the chair rail ?
i 'm about to put fabric above my chair rail , help ! .
so far , this is what i 've done for acoustical treatments in my room .
1 .
screen wall : i have linacoustic surrounding my screen area .
i 'm actually using behr ultra pure white paint on a smooth wall as my screen , so i coud n't put linacoustic `` everywhere '' on my screen wall , but i did put it everywhere on the screen wall that was n't occupied by the screen .
2 .
front corners : i did the oc703 superchunk method .
3 .
bottom 4 feet of side walls : i have linacoustic on the bottom 4 feet of both side walls .
4 .
back corners : i 'm working on this later .
ok , so that 's what i 've got for acoustical treatments so far .
now , i 'm about to put fabric on the walls , above my chair rail .
so , i have to make some last second decisions about whether i should use any linacoustic at all above the chair rail .
here is a bit of information .
the furring strip 1/4 inch above the carpet is 2 inches wide .
my linacoustic is 47 inches .
the chair rail furring strip right above the linacoustic is 2 inches wide .
so , the top of my chair rail is at 51 inches off the ground .
if i put any linacoustic above my chair rail , it will start there .
now , i 've heard conflicting reports about using linacoustic above the typical 4 foot mark .
most of the acoustical experts say that using linacoustic above 4 feet is unnecessary , and can even deaden the room much more than you 'd want to .
i 've also heard a few people say that they used linacoustic from floor to ceiling , all along their side walls to good results .
i 've heard some people saying that `` deadening '' a room for 2 channel music listening is `` horrible '' but deading a room for 5.1 , 7.1 whatever , is n't such a blasphemous idea .
i 'm not interested in totally deading my room , and i 'm not going to be using linacoustic from floor to ceiling on my side walls .
however , i 'm willing to use it in a few spots , if it might be beneficial to me .
here is where i 'm thinking of using it above the chair rail : 1 .
very close to the corners : somebody suggested that people `` should '' use linacoustic floor to ceiling , in a 2 foot width , right by the corners .
the idea being that 1 inch of linacoustic is n't very effective as a bass trap , but every little bit helps .
i 've already got superchunk oc703 's in my front corners , but i could put 2 feet of linacoustic -lrb- width -rrb- , right next to my superchunks , above the chair rail .
i could also put 2 feet of linacoustic -lrb- width -rrb- right by the back corners .
2 .
account for the riser : i 've heard that if your riser is 12 inches off the ground , then you need to extend the linacoustic another 12 inches up , to account for the riser .
i 'm guessing that you would try to determine the point of first relections for the seating locations in the second row , and then put as many inches of linacoustic above the chair rail , as the height of the riser .
in my case , that would be 13 inches .
3 .
side surrounds : i have n't heard anybody mention this , but i would think , if you 're going to have these side surround speakers , mere inches away from your side wall , that you would want linacoustic behind them .
right ?
does n't sound from the side surrounds reflect off the wall right behind the side surrounds ?
i was thinking of having 1 feet of linacoustic in every direction , right behind my side surrounds .
4 .
point of first reflections for primary seating location : i think somebody mentioned that at the point of first reflections , for the `` sweet spot '' in terms of where the primary guy is sitting , having linacoustic floor to ceiling in those exact locations might be a good thing .
now , maybe you do n't necessarily need to go floor to ceiling with it , but maybe another foot of it above the chair rail , right at the point of first reflections would be a good thing ... ?
maybe not , i do n't know .
i did the mirror trick , and some of my first reflections are pretty high up on the wall .
at the 38 inch mark .
yeah , the 38 inch mark is below the chair rail , and already treated with linacoustic , but i 'm guessing the radius of the actual reflection is pretty large , and part of the radius even extends upward beyond the 4 foot line .
i guess the whole idea with putting linacoustic all along the side walls , 4 feet up , is that your ear level is slightly below that , and the linacoustic will absorb alot of those first reflections at ear level , and that 's all you need to worry about .
but what about the reflections that happen above ear level ?
do any of those reflections bounce back to us ?
sorry if all of this sounds really dumb , and if i 'm totally off base with any of this , but i 'm just about to put the fabric up , above my chair rail level , and i just want to make sure whether i should use any linacoustic above the chair rail , before putting my fabric up , cause then it would be too late .
