johnsteph10 's ht 3.0 build thread .
hello all !
introduction i am restarting my build thread since the one i originally started in august got deleted due to the avs great crash of 2008 .
now , back on topic ... .
i wanted to thank all of the regulars in here for their build threads and all of the advice that has been dispensed over the years .
of course , this could n't happen without the poking / prodding / name - calling embodied by the loganator 's thread .
many of us have been loganed since early this summer . .
mostly to no real change in the status of our projects .
room description let me describe my space for a bit . .
35 feet long 21 feet ( minimum ) to 29 feet ( maximum ) width 10 foot ceilings it is a walk - out basement with a steel exterior door and a pair of windows .
when we moved in , it was partially finished with an under - the - stairs area for a closet , another closet framed in , a partially stubbed - in bathroom .... and wires and ductwork hanging from everywhere .
it has 6 foot poured concrete walls on every side except the side facing outside and already had 2x6 pressure treated framing on top of the walls to bring the wall surface " flush " for easy finishing .
requirements for the ht 3.0 what did i want in my basement ht ?
1 .
a projector with around a minimum of a 120 inch screen .
2 .
totally light controlled with full lighting remote control .
3 .
7.1 surround sound 4 .
a bathroom .
5 .
a small wetbar / food prep area with sink , beverage cooler , kegarator 6 .
a stage / riser 7 .
extensive sound proofing / isolation 8 .
preserve the maximum ceiling height ( my last ht only had 6 foot 4 inch ceilings ... but that 's how it was in long island , ny ) .
9 .
dedicated electrical panel .
10 .
outlets galore .
11 .
full sound treatment .
12 .
( others will likely be added as i think of them ! )
equipment list projector - jvc rs20 anamorphic lens : isco iiil on a cineslide screen - smx 130 inch pro-line pro-curve amp / processor - anthem d2v video games : xbox 360 , ps3 speakers : 1 .
mark seaton 's catalysts as lcr 2 .
mark seaton 's sparks as lr side surround / lr back surround ( on order ) subs : submersive hps x 2 terraform xls ( x2 ) ( on order ) sub-eq : tbd ?
( anti-node vs. behringer vs. qsc vs. sms - 1 ) blu - ray player - oppo bd83 bar tv : vizio 42 inch led lcd bar tv # 2 : sharp 52 inch lcd seating : 7 berkline 090s with buttkickers lighting : lutron 6 - zone grafik eye i 've struggled with equipment choices for a while .
i 've gone through a lot of speakers over the last few years and demoed even more .
i recently ( during moving ) got rid of half a dozen different sets ( an ultimatum from my wife who does n't share my interest ! )
and am down only to the set my wife loves : a 5.1 rocket ( av123 ) setup .
they are ok for the lr setup ... but not what i want in my ht .
picture of very rough floorplan ( thanks to the heckling from rphdrew ) .
please note that the measurements are from memory and may not be totally accurate .
i will check later ... screen size and seating distances ( resources ) : 1 .
recommended seating / viewing distances .
2 .
excellent spreadsheet for calculating screen size / seating distances ( very extensive ) .
http://carltonbale.com/home-theater/...er-calculator/
