my humble setup ?
zu presence @ asr emitter , and more ? .
the two towers well , after have been a member of avsforum for quite a while it &#8217; s probably time for me to tell a little bit about my setup .
i &#8217; ll start by letting you know a little bit about the room where the listening takes place , cause as we all know that &#8217; s quite an important part of the system &#8230; the listening room my listening room is a second part of a large living room in an old apartment .
when we moved in i decided to renovate the living room , which among others included splitting it into two rooms .
one of the rooms was dedicated as a listening room .
the end result regarding the room structure is some kind of a room - in - room - solution .
the room has been build by my self only , so the project kept me busy a whole summer .
a new room - skeleton was first built into the existing room , where the new walls are not in contact with the existing walls .
the new walls are isolated , of course , and finished with two layers of plaster boards .
the original ceiling height was 3 meters , and was lowered 30 centimeters in the new room .
the heavily isolated with 150 millimeter rockwool isolation , and 150 millimeter of air further , the ceiling also consists of two layers of plaster boards mounted on sound hoops ( ? ) .
the ceiling is not in contact with the walls .
the floor is &#8220; semi-floating &#8221; , which means that it first has been isolated with special noise reducing plates , floor chipboards and finished with parquet floor .
the floor is not in contact with the walls .
lastly , the room has its own concealed wiring for the electrics , and built in channels the surround speakers .
the equipment regarding the front speakers , zu audio presence , as far as i know i 'm the only one in norway owning a pair of these .
i have n't found much info on the presence here on avsforum either , what surprises me a bit ... speakers front : zu audio presence center : swans 2.3 c ( replace with avantgarde solo ? )
surround : 4 x klipsh rs - 52 subwoofer : svs pc ultra eletronics receiver amp : onkyo tx - nr876 ( for movies ) integrert amp : asr emitter i ( for music listening ) power amp center speaker : midgard audio oberon 2.1 cd player : ayon cd - 1 hd - dvd player : toshiba ep - 35 hd - dvd blu - ray player : lg bh - 200 superblu gaming : xbox 360 premium image projektor : benq w9000 screen : adeo greyvision 106 &#8221; osd : joytech 7 &#8221; lcd cables front speakers : zu audio libtec image : rix hdmi pro x 3 cd unbalanced : usher rapport mn1811 cd xlr : lfd spirolink iv subwoofer : monster interlink 201 subwoofer + viablue nf - b calibration equipment - sound sub eq : behringer feedback destroyer pro 1124p measuring mic : behringer ecm8000 soundcard / mic pre : m - audio mobilepre calibration equipement - image probe : eye - one display
