pmac 's basement theater project gets started ! .
i am going to be starting my basement project in the next few weeks .
it will be about 600 total square feet .
my plans : i wanted to leave some space for storage , so i am not finishing all of it , and i plan on finishing the bathroom next winter ( i live in wisconsin and refuse to spend any of the 4 months of nice weather we get each year holed up in my basement ) .
i am buying the lumber , drywall , insulation , etc. this weekend and plan to start building in the next few weeks .
the theater area will be about 20 ' x13 ' and i am planning on having a 10 ' wide 2.35:1 screen with seating about 13 ' ~ 14 ' .
i ca n't afford to get an anamorphic lens , so i think i will just zoom to accommodate 16:9 and use some sort of masking solution .
i am thinking about getting the panasonic ax200u for my projector and using a painted screen , maybe something darker to pump up the contrast because of the brightness to spare in the projector .
i am leaning toward buying the polk rm6750 5.1 speaker package and a cheaper 7.1 hdmi audio capable receiver like the sony str - dg720 or an older onkyo 605 .
i have a ps3 for my bluray player so i do n't need truehd or dts - hdma decoding .
i have about $ 450 ~ $ 500 to spend on the audio .
i have a couple speakers left over from a panasonic htib i used to have to complete the 7.1 system .
would this be an issue ?
if the 2 back speakers are not used as much , is it ok if they are not matched to the other 5 as long as they are calibrated correctly ?
i have n't made any decisions regarding paint or carpet , so any suggestions are appreciated .
i am going with a drop ceiling because i want to be able to run wires and have access to any pipes , etc. that are above the ceiling in the future .
also , i think that i will be moving in a few years and i want to have a black ceiling for theater purposes , but then be able to flip the tiles over in order to appear as a normal room when showing the house .
well that is all that i can think of now , i am welcome to all suggestions , questions , criticisms , etc. .
better to discover anything i have overlooked now than after i have started and it is too late , so tear it apart and let me know what you think !
