the old dungeon ....... done .
hi all , been checking out this forum for about ?
year now and wanted to join in on the fun of posting my basement / theater build .
ofcourse you all here have some serious skills and have created some masterpieces .
but what impressed me the most about your builds here , is how clean you keep your basements or area during the build .
i actually bought most of the 2x4 ?
s , dw , osb , etc prior to starting ( big mistake ) , so it took up a lot of room .
so i got junk everywhere .
you?ll have to excuse all the junk in the pics .
i?m a pretty handy guy , did a lot of construction work back in hs / college and after until i landed a career job .
i?m a total noob to av stuff and acoustical sound treatments , etc. .
never knew a room needed to be treated until i came here and read all the good information .
my last ?
home theater ?
was when i was in hs , living at my parents , my bros and i bought a 36 ?
or 37 ?
tube tv ( was considered big at the time ) , with a sony hometheater in the box 5.1 system .
we set it all up in their basement .
we thought it rocked .
my buddies back in hs / college all called it the dungeon .
it was an older house , low ceiling basement , concrete floors , had that mildewy smell to it .
but it was a good place where we all hung out to pre-game , etc. .
anyway , did a lot of reading here , learned a lot , so i thought i would share my build .
we moved into a brand new home about 1 year ago .
the size of the basement is about 1500 sqft .
plans are to : add 1 guest bedroom / fitness room , 1 full bath , 2 storage closets , bar , open space theater / family room and fireplace / tv room .
here is a rough layout .
( very rough ) the theater room will be open , so you can see it from the bar .
i like to have my buddies over for drinks and games and sports watching so i wanted the open look .
probably not good for acoustics , but that?s ok .
for theater equipment i will have : 106 ?
16:9 elite cinematension2 screen ( on order ) denon 4308 ps3 and either the panasonic ae2000 or epson 1080ub i have rocket speakers and mwf 15 sub .
i started this build aug. 2007 .
i wanted to finish by june 2008 , but that?s not going to happen .
i try not to overextend myself ( hey , i?m old ! )
so i don?t get completely frustrated with this and drop it all .
since then , wife got pregnant ( # 2 on the way ) , due in oct. this year .
she quit her teaching job , and will be cutting off the funds the end of this summer , so i need to be done by the end of aug. it 's crunch time !
anyhow , on with the build .
hard to imagine , but this was my house a little over a year ago .
i?m building room by room .
starting with bathroom , guest room , then area where shuffle board will be , then fireplace area , then theater area , then bar area .
must be done in that order , so no temptation .
bathroom , needs to be completely finished before moving on , then guest bedroom .
all the other areas will be completed to drywall , then move on to the next room , will do the mud / tape , sand when all dw is up in the whole basement .
i will do dd and gg all ceiling .
also will dd / gg all the walls in the theater room and wall that touches the guest bedroom and stairs .
will have r19 stuffed in the joist , then 1 layer of 30 lb roof felt , then .
so far i have bought 7 cases of gg , most recently from the soundproofing company .
nice folks .
actually , for the ceiling instead of dd , i did 7 / 16th ?
osb , and than ??
dw .
i hear the osb is equivalent to ??
dw in weight / mass .
i regret doing this , as osb is much harder to work with , but at the time osb was less than ?
cost of dw and i wasn?t thinking .
so , don?t copy this part .
pia .
also , no clips or any necessary sound isolation steps , as i did not know about that prior to finishing framing and some dw .
so too late for that .
i just found out about gg not too long ago so i ordered that prior to putting up the 2nd layer of dw .
also use acoustical caulk to seal the gaps around the outlets , edges of the walls , etc. .
got this from the soundproof company as well .
we do have dual zone hvac , so sounds from hvac will not reach bedroom floor .
i wrapped duct insulation wrap around the vents anyway .
i don?t mind some sound escaping though , just don?t want it all to escape .
anyhow , so i don?t bore you with the details of the bathroom or bedroom , here are just a few finished pics : shower has dual jets .
i love these btw .
it?s like getting massage when they?re on .
i need to redo my master bedroom showers to add these !
ok , moving on .
here is the room where the shuffle board will be .
added 2 huge closets .
it?s actually 1 big closet with 2 sets of double doors .
3rd door is for the water pipe .
and some storage space .
4 zone lighting in this room .
one is for stairs , one is for when the main basement light is turned on , this will rarely be used , 1 for shuffle board , when in use , and one for that room .
understairs will also be a storage closet .
can?t have too much storage .
fireplace tv room .
i bought a 36 ?
natural gas fp .
bought some csst and ran the lines from the manifold to the fp .
had the pros do the connection , as you need to be trained and certified to do this .
after watching the guy hook it up , it didn?t see hard at all , but better to not play with gas yah know .
called up a guy to give me a quote on cutting a hole through the poured concrete for the exhaust and he wanted $ 200 .
that sound reasonable to me , but instead i decided to do it myself .
i bought a cheap concrete drill from harbor freight tools .
there is one near my house and i never buy tools from there , except for the use it one time only type tools .
this thing drilled through 8 ?
poured concrete like nothing !
amazing .
that is one of 2 tools that i purchased for the basement build .
drilled a bunch of holes and pounded it out .
i used my old air hammer / chisel to clean it up and it broke about 1/2 the way through !
argghhh .
oh well , it?s about 10 yrs old anyway .
good thing this new drill has a chisel feature , so i used that .
fp is in , tested it , it works , fan blows serious heat , etc , all is good .
ran some 14 - 2 inwall speaker wires for future inwall speakers , for 5.1 system in the future .
also ran 2 component , 2 hdmi , cat5?s and rg6 as well .
you never know .
it will be many years before i actually have a flat screen in this room , but just thinking ahead .
this room will also have a ceiling fan . .
now , the theater room .
i added a bulk head to one side to mirror the other side that houses the hvac trunk .
but in this one , will hide a 3 ?
conduit pipe that will go to the projector .
i have a built in projector housing , instead of using a mount .
figure it?s easier this way .
will use a panamax inwall outlet surge thingy .
btw , all can lights in the basement are ic air tight .
4 - 6 ?
cans in this room and 6 - 4 ?
cans .
i put 2 4 ?
can in each left / right soffit and 2 up front to aim at the screen wall .
5 zone lighting in this room .
1 for main ceiling lights .
1 for screen wall lights 1 for soffit lights 1 is hooked up to the outlets in the soffit for future star ceiling 1 is hooked up to out let on screen wall incase i run some light back there .
the curved soffit will have veneer stone on it as well .
this soffit is to hide the tension screen housing behind it .
it also hides a 2 ?
conduit that runs to the bar tv .
i will also put base traps on this screen wall .
only about 2 ?
wide and 6 ?
thick , from stage floor to ceiling on each left / right side .
i have purchased 3 cases of 1 ?
2x4 ?
oc703 for the wall treatments for the rest of this room .
the wall will be covered in gom fabric .
purchased the 703 from a bryan pape of sensible sound solutions , good guy , very knowledgable .
this room is wired with 12 - 2 inwall speaker for 8.2 setup , if there ever will be such a thing .
i also included various speaker / sub outlets in various locations just incase i want to put something somewhere or hook up future butt shakers , etc. .
i would like to do star ceiling panels one day , so i wired a couple outlets in the projector housing soffit .
these are the columns , i will put stone veneer on the columns .
the back ones will hide a set of dipoles i have .
here is a small stage .
i filled with sand and put double osb and routed the edge round .
the two closets to the left / right measure about 24 ?
x 26 ? .
the one on left will house the av and the right is to mirror the look .
will probably house various equipment , boxes , etc. .
i plan to build stone veneer doors to complete the ?
dungeon ?
look in this room .
the equipment closet has a bathroom exhaust fan that will exhaust air on the side where the screen is .
i bought the cheapest quiet one i could find .
it will be triggered by an temp guage i bought from hd .
i want to thank china dog for posting a link to this .
no raised back seating or anything as my wife is totally against that .
she wants a more versatile room , so she wins .
i may build like a mini bar that will have 3 bar stools .
this will be behind the main seating and should add more seating room .
this is where i?m at for now .
i am finished drywalling this room , so now i will move on to the bar / pool table area .
4 zone lighting in this room .
1 for pool table 1 for main area 1 for bar 1 for dart board .
here are my bar / kitchen cabs .
i will be replacing the wall cabinet with glass doors i got about 2 months to be completed , so wish me luck old
