unnamed theater : building 18x12 .
and so it has begun ... .
after years of reading this forum and thinking of a dedicated ht i have pulled the trigger .
we are finishing the entire basement and building a dedicated theater room with dimensions of 18x12 in our basement .
the original size was 17x12 but i stole a foot from another room .
we are adding a gameroom / bar area , family room with connecting kids play area , bathroom , bedroom / office and of course the dedicated theater room !
oh yeah !!
( he said shaking with excitement ) the goal is to create a space to enjoy movies and games with seats for 7 people .
the room will have a 6 inch riser for the rear row of seats , 7.1 surround sound , r13 in walls and ceiling and 2 layers of 5/8 dry wall with green glue .
seating will be the showtime collection from htauthority .
list of items already purchased for the room : 2 layers of 5/8 drywall with 2 tubes of green glue per sheet of drywall panamax in - wall surge protector and noise filter 2 hdmi belden series - f2 ( 15 feet ) belden 7913a dual rg6 / dual cat - 5 composite cable mp - hdmi dual hmdi in - wall plugs mp - 7.1 wall plate ( theater room ) mp - 5.1 wall plate ( family room ) mp - 2 channel stereo wall palte ( bar / game room ) lowes - modular network jacks ( whatever they stock ) list of items to purchase for the room : showtime collection from htauthority - 1 row of 3 seats and 1 row of 4 seats i have no idea what i will use in this room .
so far i am thinking about : denon 2808 or 3808 audition orb audio mod2 7.1 with uber 10 sub woofer mitsubishi hc5500 projector ps3 for bluray xbox 360 for games cable box for hd ??? my goal with the reciever is to run 7.1 in the theater room and 2 channel stereo in bar / game room .
i migth need a a / b switch .
the basic room layout is : here are a few pictures of the framed space - the screen wall : the rear wall showing the riser : r13 insulation installed around the whole room and the ceiling .
rear wall with riser ( probably ca n't make them out , but it also shows some cases of gg ) all the cables are hung in the joists and the insualtion covers them .
i took great care to run these like a professional - did not want the building inspector to give me grief. : screen wall with insulation ( might change the height of the short wall .
this will be built to have a hinge top to hold sub woofers and blankets for the wife ) : here are a few pictures showing the progress of the basement .
i did not include a picture of the bathroom or bedroom we are adding .
drywall finishing is fun - but takes time when you 're doing it for 1400 sq ft. ... family room : game room component closet ( connects to game room and under stairs ) theater back corner screen wall ( yes - the tray ceilign is a double step . )
the screen wall uses a full 4x8 sheet of dry wall in the center aligned to the top .
we might paint the screen on and this will reduce the chance to view mud tape lines .
did i mention that we want this done by the end of august ?!
