mediaplex on maria drive .
hi all .
just about to wrap up my outdoor theater project .
i started on oct 6 , 2007 .
in effect , i built it outside over the winter months .
sunny south has it 's advantages .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/timtime...7603204872782/ i 'll be adding to the photos later today .
at this point they show a pretty complete picture of the five level deck i built , but the theater part is not installed yet .
i want a convertible theater so to speak .
i wish to have a large rigid screen that can be put up and down ( and stored ) with ease .
at first i was going to just hang a large tarp off the lattice at the rear of the yard .
i actually left 16 feet of property behind that rear lattice ( so i could segregate my dogs outside my deck and patio area ) .
i did a trial run the last patriot game of the regular season .
it was pretty cool , but the 9x12 foot drop cloth was n't big enough , and i feel like the screen was a little too far away from the deck itself ( i 'm guessing the screen was 30 feet away from the front of the deck ) the fact that i 've got that lattice to hang stuff on is so sweet , but also , i have decided to take another route .
about half way between the front of the deck and the lattice panels i have strung a cable ( 3/16 " stranded steel ) .
large parallel spaced trees on either side of the yard made that pretty easy .
the cable height is around eight feet and bisects the lattice fenced enclave .
it runs the entire distance from one side of the enclave to the other .
we 're talking a good fifty feet or more stretched across the yard .
because the cable is so thin , it 's really not unsightly .
i plan to leave it up all the time .
the alternative was to set a bunch of tall posts in the middle of the yard to attach a screen to and i just did n't want to clutter the middle of my yard with those beams .
also , no digging required .
because the cable is so long , i ca n't hope to actually hang 4x8 thin plywood off it without severe sag .
since i plan on using ( four ) 4x8 panels upright ( total screen 8 ' x 16 ' ) there was no way i could imagine stretching that steel cable tight enough to hang them .
that 's why i settled on a cable height of around eight feet .
i will simple make a base ( probably disguised as planter boxes ) on the ground that the 4x8 's can have a level base to perch on .
i will incorporate clips or velcro on the tops and bottoms of those 4x8 's i use for the screen .
gravity will hold them down .
velcro will attach them at the bottom and i will merely use the steel cable as an attachment point for the tops ( again , either clips / velcro ) .
the cable wo n't actually be holding any weight , just keeping the four panels upright and straight .
the panels will have to be attached at the top pretty well to keep a wind gust from detaching them .
it was mentioned in another thread about rear projecting on a translucent material .
because i decided to move the screen into the middle of the yard instead of the back , i could possibly hang some translucent panels instead of the plywood and shoot projector from behind .
this would make my a / v cable running job more difficult though and i 'm inclined to pass on it for that reason .
i have been ruminating on this screen install since the day i started the project .
i only came to what ( i hope ) is the best solution for the situation in the last few days .
enjoy .
