the ?
yet another theater 1.0 ?
theater .
background i guess i?ll update the name when i think of a good one ?
snowkarver?s ?
theater for hobbits ?
is an appropriate description for mine .
anyway , you?ve seen my kind around here before ?
the checklist : - long time lurker on the message boards .
check .
- admirer of what awesome work everybody has done .
check .
- details have consumed me for weeks .
check .
- resident of northern virginia .
check .
- hopes to learn from the experience so i can actually post intelligent replies to other members ?
posts .
check !
now that those details are out of the way ?
here?s my scenario .
i live in a townhouse in a pretty quiet neighborhood with neighbors on both sides .
the community was built in the 40s , but renovated and converted to condos in the 70s .
my basement was finished ala seventies paneling , clearly not to theater standards .
so , i spent the past couple of weekends demolishing in preparation for my ?
theater 1.0 . ?
layout ?
i?m surrounded by cinder blocks !
to the left , along the stairs , the paneling was affixed to 1 ?
furring strips , which are attached directly to the cinder block .
obviously not ideal for soundproofing , but it is what it is ?
the front wall has two windows with studs set approximately 2.5 inches from the cinder block .
there is a 1 ?
x 1 ?
soffit along this wall containing ductwork .
the right wall has ~ 6.5 ?
of open space between the studs and the cinder block .
this wall also has a soffit , which feeds into the duct at the front .
the back wall has a door to enter a storage area ; the rest of the wall is again attached directly to furring strips on the cinder block .
there is no door between the basement and first floor and the stairs kind of open into the room to make it less claustrophobic .
overall not ideal conditions , but it is what it is and the room will have to do for 1.0 .
the rendering i did below shows the scene -lrb- the screen seems so gigantic because of the ?
fisheye ?
perspective to get it all in and the crazy pattern on the floor is to help me estimate lighting -rrb- .
i had 3 contractors out to take a look , but none really seemed to understand what i was going for -lrb- although the latest guy offered up ?
resilient channels ? -rrb- .
their responses gave me the excuse to take the approach i wanted to do in the first place ?
diy !
the plan ?
ideally , my screen would have been on the back wall to give me more of a throw distance and to allow more space between the screen and the seats .
this was the original plan , but the door on the back wall really seemed to make everything way off center -lrb- and it only left a 92 ?
wall -rrb- .
with the current layout , i?m sitting about 10-11 ?
from the screen and my throw distance is only ~ 11 ? .
i am planning to go with ??
double drywall w / green glue on all walls in this room .
the left , right , and front walls will be insulated using r13 or r19 .
the ceiling will just be a single layer of drywall since the ceiling height is only 6 ?
8 ?
without drywall .
for lighting , i have pretty much decided on six 4 ?
cans in the main room and one 4 ?
can at the entry , all dimmable .
i?m also considering rope lighting on a different dimmer to add to the effect .
i will have 7.1 , 1080p with ~ 100 ?
-lrb- depending on pj -rrb- diy screen , although i?m considering carada .
a diy equipment rack will be in the back of the room -lrb- top left of first drawing -rrb- .
coax , cat6 , and one outlet of a dedicated ?
theater circuit ?
run to that location .
from the rack , i am running component , coax , and ir extenders to two other locations in the house ?
a bedroom and a living room .
also , i?m running hdmi , cat5 , component , and a separate conduit -lrb- thanks britinva -rrb- to the pj as well as ir to the front of the room .
the pj will be powered by a diy ?
powerbridge ?
from the rack ups as described in the countless threads spread around here .
that?s pretty much it for the initial post .
i will save my questions for now , but figured i might as well throw my hat into the ring to announce my presence .
thanks for reading and a big thanks to the northern virginia guys for providing the extra motivation last week at b. mackrell?s theater !
chris
