new sonys vs new samsungs .
differences ? .
ok i work for sears , and i own a 42 in sharp -lrb- lc-42d64u -rrb- i do n't know the processing number .
ok i also have discovered that the sony xbr tells u something about 10 bit processor 10 bit display .
i am assuming this is one of the best you can get for an lcd tv because they show it and no other company does .
i have searched manufacture websites -lrb- which annoy me because they hide too much information -rrb- do i have to call their customer service number to find out their processor speeds ?
so ok ya the new samsungs and sonys are catching my eye on a daily basis .
i would like to compare them side by side piece by piece .
there are little things that get to me though ... like why doesnt sony tell us there response time ?
is it crappy ?
im assuming it is -lrb- just like toshiba decides that contrast ratio should be hidden as well -rrb- i think toshiba last year had like a 14 bit processor or something like that .
anyways i would like to find out the processor speeds for the new sonys and the new samsungs .
if anyone knows where to get this information please help me out thank you .
also i would like to know what the processor is on my current television as i stated above .
there 's just too much to compare and not enough info for it right now .
sony has s series , v series , w series , z series .
i think i know which ones the best but what are the processors for samsung comparisons ... a 530 a550 a650 a750 ... the a650 46 inch is like 2900 retail and the a 530 46 inch is like 1600 .
all i found in difference is like toc ... 120 hz .
4 ms vs 5 ms response time ... umm infolink is on 650 ... but anyways is it really worth 1300 more to get 120hz 4 ms and toc ???? im thinking no but i would like to find out more infos on both new lines so i know which one is king of the hill for its class and which one is not for selling and consuming purposes ^ ^ when i get the money ... thank you for any information you can provide
