.
you are in the wrong section of the forum if you want to copy or share display menu settings .
try the display owners section that corresponds to your model .
copying settings is not calibration .
this is the ' display calibration ' section of the forum .
all that such foolishness will get you is a tv picture that might look a little like someone else 's tv ( which you have likely never seen ) .
then again , it might not look anything at all like theirs .
how do you know your viewing environment conditions will be identical ?
will you also insist that they used the same dvd player that had its picture options menu set the same as yours ?
some basic " picture modes " may be superior on certain displays .
these can be used in common for better performance , but actual picture adjustment values can vary significantly .
electronic component tolerances used in consumer tvs and source components are very loose and imprecise ( + / - 10 % or worse ) .
because these tolerances are so imprecise , two samples of tv can come off the same assembly line and require very different picture settings to look near the same .
i vividly experienced this last year when i was called in as an image quality analysis consultant for one of the largest national cable tv companies .
they were doing a research project , using three new higher - end panasonic 50 " plasmas of the same model , and set up in ideal viewing conditions .
their engineers had gone over the picture settings on each display and set the menu items all identically .
two of the plasmas looked nearly like each other ( still not identical ) , but the third one obviously looked quite different .
widely respected professional calibrators , who have aligned thousands of consumer and professional displays in their careers , agree on this point [ example : http://www.avsforum.com/avs-vb/showt...2#post16121112 ] .
the only way to reliably attain a more accurate image from any consumer display is to use reference test signals , not another display 's settings .
at minimum , use a calibration dvd on your player , to adjust your television , follow the tutorial instructions , set the picture controls for your viewing environment conditions , and learn something from the experience .
the simplest remedy is to hire a professional .
excellence in any endeavor requires extra effort .
copying others ' work on another device is a fool 's errand , with no assurance of improvement .
best regards and beautiful pictures , g. alan brown , president cinemaquest , inc. .
a lion av consultants affiliate " advancing the art and science of electronic imaging "
