maclovin 's first theater build .
hello everyone !
well my time has finally come to begin the thread covering my first home theater build .
it 's been many months and hours of research putting together what i feel is a very suitable build for myself and my family .
i pondered over thoughts of a truly dedicated theater , but as you will soon find out in reading , some aspects merely could not occur due to configurations of the area constructed , etc. .
in the beginning , my intention was to build a room serving a few purposes : play room for kids , gaming room , sports room and a home theater .
originally i had plans to allow for a large screen television and a screen but after the research and information shared by the many helpful individuals in this forum , i 've narrowed it down to just a screen which will eventually house an hd projector !
i had a pretty good room to work with but it needed a face lift and some structural improvements .
i 'll keep it short to start and get into some photos but first i wanted to extend my thank yous to the following individuals for their time and willingness to share their input , thoughts , feedback and advice : ted white for his time on the phone and his unselfish willingness to offer all he could surrounding my inquiries of soundproofing ... .
calvin ( last name unknown ) for his input and advice on wiring and cables ... jason ( mn_hokie ) for his input on wiring , face plates and simply the wonderful info conveyed throughout his build ... michael from the flaming oak cinema for his input on his drawings ... peter for his advice on building a diy screen ( which i opted against but nonetheless thought a thank you was in order ) ... there are many others which i unfortunately do not have names for but i can not say enough about the willingness of those on this site to offer a lending hand , advice , etc. .
many regards to you all .
now ... for the build .
like i said , i had a pretty good layout to start with but i figured i 'd start from scratch and create a fresh template .
the basement is a full walkout basement so i have some soundproofing challenges to tackle .
after speaking with ted white , i had many options to consider but due to budget , input from the ' boss ' , layout of stairwell and his input , my decision to keep it simple pretty much won the day .
here 's what i began with ...
