screen wall and stage .
welcome to the cg family theater construction thread !
i thought i 'd go ahead and post some other work we 're doing on this new theater to give everyone an opportunity to see how this theater is coming along .
some background on this build .
my neighbor was having his basement finished by the builder who did his house and was starting in less than a week .
the builder had some ideas for the space , but the neighbor ( i 'll call him cg ) wanted to ensure the room performed and just did n't look pretty .
a friend of cg 's told him to go do some research on avs and he stumbled across my thread .
as he looking at the name and some of the photos , he realized we were neighbors and lived one street over , although we did n't know each other .
he then registered with avs and pmed me to see if he could check out the theater and get some insight since his builders were starting in a few days .
the night he came over we spent about 4 hours talking about construction , equipment and viewing demos .
he had already spoke to one theater builder who was too expensive .
i told him that jason ( jikkjack ) and i would be happy to work with him and his builder to help build out the room .
he was scheduled to speak to another audio / video installer that saturday and i armed him with a bunch of questions to ask him to see what he knew .
i guess this thread would n't be in the works if it had gone in that direction .
about the unfinished room .
the room itself is already pretty isolated because it is directly underneath a single car garage .
the rough dimensions are about 12.5 ' x 23 ' x 12 ' .
all four walls are poured concrete with an opening for a double door ( now framed for a 4 ' double door ) .
the ceiling has steel i - beams and metal to hold the concrete poured for the garage slab .
there are only two other openings besides the door , each being about 12 " x18 " located near the ceiling for ductwork / wires to go through .
from a concrete room to a finished theater .
what cg wanted was a room that would look great and perform .
acoustic treatments were a must , isolation was not critical due to the location and the characteristics of the room .
he wanted a more contemporary look and did n't want to lose a lot of width putting in large columns .
he wanted to hide the speakers , have a stage and a riser ( builder wanted to put in a double riser for a third row ) .
seating would likely be a combination of a sofa and theater loungers .
he wanted a rack , but was n't sure where it would go .
he had no preferences on equipment , but sure liked how my room sounded .
he wanted all the remotes integrated into a universal remote with light control .
he 'd likely go with something like a panny ax200 and possibly upgrade at some point later .
next steps .
after seeing the room and discussing options with the neighbor , the first thing i did was put together some conceptual construction and electrical drawings for discussion points for the builder and project manager to go through .
i wanted to make sure they started out on the right foot .
i would go through the drawings that monday they would start construction .
pictures coming up shortly !
bud
