javadoc 's ' psychotropic jello ' theater build .
<edit> renamed my thread .
it was too boring before , and everyone loves jell - o !
</edit> hi all .
about two years ago , i finished the basement in the house that i had in anchorage , alaska .
since then the fam and i have moved to the denver area , and the house we bought had a clean slate , 1900sf basement below the ranch - style house that we bought .
in early april , i began construction on the basement .
plans were to have two large bedrooms ( 14x24 ) for the daughters , a ' kids ' tv area , exercise area , monster bathroom for the princesses , and a dedicated ( this time ) theater space .
disney channel will be officially blocked from this space !
what follows is the progress to date .
if you have pointers for the theater , i am all ears .
some random shots ... here 's how i had to hide the lazy plumber 's who ran all the piping under the joists .
bedrooms at through the doorway straight ahead , and to the right of said doorway .
do n't squeeze the charmin , eh .
cheap / slave labor .
aka , my father , a master carpenter who could teach norm a. a thing or two one of the bedrooms to illustrate just why i love metal stud construction : straight walls me , after a full day of installing hat channel in the theater your first look at the theater 's space , thru the doorway on the left ... stacks of drywall ( 170sheets ) fill the theater 's 11x19 space wall of the theater where the a / v cabinets and 106inch screen will go ( also see diagram ) there 's nothing like a 22inch thick wall to separate the theater , right ?
sketch of the front wall .
the screen is off center of the wall because the left wall of the room ( facing the screen ) is where the 22inch thick wall is , but it gains 14inches in width as you near the door , which is on wall to the left of the front wall , if that makes sense .
the screen is centered with the seating , though .
basically , i have 3 rows of seating planned , with two risers that are either 4 or 6inches high each .
walls are all going to have dark red drapes .
carpet will be black .
lighting is by four 6 " cans ( main lighting ) , 2 4 " cans on gimbals to light the a / v and video strorage areas , 4 sconces that the wife is picking out , and ' pew ' lighting on the walls , with fiber optic on the leading edges of the risers .
as far as speakers , i have a 7.1 system planned , which i moved with me from alaska .
it consists of a boston vr - mc center , 8 " boston in - walls ( 6 each ) and a 15 " def tech sub that i bought from a member here a few years back .
i 'm up in the air on a receiver so , open to suggestions .
i do n't have a huge budget for it ... $ 500 - 700 .
projector is sanyo plvz - 2000 and the screen will be an elite ez - frame acoustic series , because the center goes behind .
i 'm also planning on hinging the screen on the side so you can open it and access additional storage space at the front of the room , since it 'll be a 19 " dead space behind the screen .
that 's it in a nutshell .
i 'm almost ready for drywall , as soon as i can get the plumber in , soon i hope .
if anyone has suggestions , i 'd love to hear it .
i 'm trying or an totally enveloping experience .
