sketchup of new theater .
i 've taken some time today and made these renderings with sketchup .
what a fantastic way for average people to use 3d -lrb- i have used high end 3d software for years and would never go back for casual stuff like this -rrb- anyway , here is what i have got .
i would love some feedback ... some notes and questions : 0 .
this is a new construction ... new house being built .
the builer is offering the following optional services - wall tv pre-wire , projection pre wire , 5.1 speaker pre-wire -lrb- all done inside walls and running to av rack area before drywall goes up -rrb- .
most of these seem to cost in the $ 500 range and get rolled into mortgage .
1 .
the screen area shows two rectangles .
the inner rectangle represents my current 50 '' plasma tv and the outer rectangle represents a 100 '' projection screen .
i 'd obviously prefer projection , but how much should i budget for such a venture ?
how much does it usually cost to install one -lrb- ceiling mount + labor ? -rrb-
the builder wants $ 600 just to pre-wire the ceiling for a projector -lrb- no mount or install -rrb- is that a rip off ?
on the other hand if i choose not to let them pre-wire then they will seal it all up with drywall .
if i go the `` cheap '' way and use my current plasma , i will still have to spend money for the wall mount and the power outlet wiring in the middle of the wall .
1a .
how do i know how far the projector should be from the screen wall ?
i plan on buying the best projector i can afford , i want to play mostly blu ray movies .
i heard there was a good one for under $ 1400 mentioned on here .
since i would need to tell the builder where i want the projection pre-wire , i assume i will need to know how far back on the ceiling this needs to go .
2 .
what can be done to enhance acoustics without going crazy ?
3 .
suggestions for improving looks ?
- also i really want to ask ... if the builder puts a power hookup on that front wall -lrb- i think i already ordered this -rrb- , is this going to cause a problem in terms of installing a projection screen instead ?
i 'm not sure i want power there after all , especially if i am going with projection .
please comment and give me any guidance you may have ... this is definitely all new to me and i 'm sure i 've forgotten some things .
