amazing dj 's livingroom progress .
i am building a home theater into the end of a livingroom .
thanks to all in this forum for ideas .
this is a low - budget project .
here is the " before " photo showing the room just before we moved into the house ... and here is what the setup presently looks like with a friggin huge screen .
the screen was built with $ 13 worth of curtain backing from jo - ann fabrics .
the material was tightly stretched across some furring strips and then stapled down .
then i created a simple black frame by nailing some wooden baseboard mouldings over the top ... it is my own design utilizing mdf fiberboard from lowe 's .
here is a front view of the console i built .
it is a separate piece from the screen frame .
the console looks heavy , but can slide across the carpet easily for any wiring changes .
it sits on flat furniture sliders , making it very easy to move .
i 've noticed that some people make the mistake of putting their screens too high above eye level .
when seated , your eyes are supposed to be looking straight ahead to the bottom third of the screen .
to accomplish that , i built this low - profile shelving unit to house the electronics .
side view from right - to - left has one of the sony 5.1 speakers , and a multitech usb voice / faxmodem .
this gives amazing pop - up caller id on the mce screen .
the caller id is via a program called tapirex which displays the name and photo of the caller , in addition to speaking their name through the livingroom speakers !
i have the computer - synthesized voice programmed to say silly phrases such as " heavens to mergatroid ! "
... this is the midsection of the do - it - yourself hdtv projection entertainment system .
the blue lighted thing in the center is a thermaltake 4 - fan controller from fry 's electronics .
it controls the four 120 mm fans on the deck above that are cooling the hpz560 computer .
the fan controller has an automatic speed setting which is set by unseen temperature sensors hanging above the hp unit .
the 120 mm fans guarantee that the hp stays cool .
the grilles are made by bitspower , called mesh radguard 240 .
initially , the blue led fans were too bright .
they were casting a blue glow onto the screen .
but i solved that by making them less intense .
it was a simple task to put a flat black dab of paint over each led .
that made the fan plastic glow blue without throwing blue light upwards from the fan area .
the thermaltake controller and fans are powered by a separate recycled computer power supply which hides behind my dvd cases ... .
here is a closeup of the antec tri-cool led fans i came up with which are covered with mesh radguard 240 grilles ... you ca n't buy this .
being new to the home theater scene , i did n't rush out and buy an expensive ceiling - mounted projector holder .
instead , i used a cast - off equipment rack i found leaning against a dumpster .
i painted it to match my green wooden furniture .
then i added some chrome adhesive trim to dress it up .
the rack is sturdy and is screwed to the floor with drywall screws .
i made this stand for the cost of a can of spray paint !
the projector is a mitsubishi hc1500 hd dlp unit which is secured upside - down for proper throw angle to the screen which is 12 feet away .
the couch was recently upgraded with some bass shakers underneath .
the 4 tactile transducers give a vibrating " feel " to each movie or videogame .
some woon bass shakers are driven by a dayton 400 - watt subwoofer amp .
later , i 'll get some pics posted of the custom amp housing i made ... this is a dramatic curved top shelf that is attached above the top of the screen frame .
the shelf holds a nice sony center channel speaker which i found cheap on ebay for about $ 30 .
the shelf also had room for a couple of decorative diecast pontiac gtos from 1968 and 1969 .
the shelf was made from mdf wood which is more like a dense fiberboard .
there are four pieces held together with drywall screws .
all the holes and joints were filled with wood putty and sanded smooth .
once completed , this shelf is held up with drywall screws into the wall studs ... .
for my setup i was shopping for some of those big dolby digital or pl2 plaques that hang in a home theater .
i did n't like how large the ready - made plaques were .
so i made these chrome - like emblems myself .
they were printed from vector artwork found on the web .
they are affixed to metal - film tape to give it a " manufactured " look .
you are looking at home - made stickers affixed to a wooden screen frame .
how do you think they turned out ?
... here is a photo of the construction of the console .
tip : if you want to put screws into mdf wood , you must pre-drill each and every hole or the mdf will split like plaster .
then you would need to fix it with wood filler putty .
also , be careful not to overtighten screws in mdf .
if you do , the screws strip quite easily .
another tip about mdf is the stinky smell .
so paint or seal it with at least three coats of paint .
note how the back ( rightside ) is set back a little bit ?
that feature leaves room for the cords to run between video components so they 're not smashed against the wall ... another view of the console .
the shelf sections are notched out .
it all fits together like a simple jigsaw puzzle .
only the top panel and the bottom panel had to be screwed together ... here , the center shelf is being painted flat black .
you can see how this shelf is notched to receive the vertical supports which will just slide on ... and here is one of the vertical dividers being painted .
you can observe the notch that allows it to fit into the center shelf ... anyway - i am thinking of doing some sort of wall treatment to liven up the livingroom wall where the screen hangs .
any ideas ?
