the " not hers " ht / basement build - the suffering begins .
getting ready to start to update my daily battle with the wife and trying to make her understand that a " man cave " means i really do n't give a crap about what she thinks and why in the heck should i buy more than 1 chair ?
who am i ?
my name is jay and i live in michigan .
i have been reading avs for 6 + years now and am constantly amazed at what a tight community of braniacs can come up with , it is simply amazing what you all can do .
i am a jokester and like to goof around after a long day at a stressful job .
i am also poor / cheap / thrifty . .
pick your choice as long as it save me money !!
purpose the purpose of this build is to finish my basement and have a man cave .
i have had to do several projects over the years in order to get me to this point .
i even had to bribe my wife with $ 1000 of incentives to get all of her stuff out of the basement after 4 + years of asking nicely .
it took me a few weeks and 120 $ in rubbermade totes to finally get everything into a storage unit .
if she gives me any crap , i figured i would just stop payment on the storage unit and that problem of clutter would be solved along with a man cave , i lost a battle and had to finish a section of the basement for a home office .
i will do this reluctantly as she is a master at stacking up junkmail into tower like piles that seem to defy gravity .
budget ?
as cheap as possible .
think coupons , craigslist , ebay , hand - me - downs , rebates , and items found on the side of the road . .
i doubt very seriously i will be in this house in 2 years which is why i wanted to get some practice on this one !
does my wife really have horns ?
no , absolutely not , i have beautiful wife who is awesome , she is supermom with a career and has a hectic schedule .
even though i love her to death , she is not immune from my humor .
depending on the day and her mood ... my jokes either get a laugh from her , or i sleep on the couch .
help wanted !!!
while normally i am stubborn and think a hammer will fix everything .
i am welcoming anyone who wants to throw out opinions and suggest ideas .
feel free to offer services such as heckling , project managers , motivators , interior designers , engineering , inventors , snake oil sales , etc. . .
i am in no race to put up drywall if i can take time to do something unique and learn a little more about things in the process .
positions filled to date : -- cad expert , electical guru = mark ( my neighbor ) -- jerk who suckered me into helping him finish his ht before i completed mine = chris ( my so called friend ) planning phase so after living off of a notebook scribbled design for 2 years , my neighbor mark offered to cad up the room for me .
after i had the dimensions of just the theater side of the room and read many threads here on avs , i decided to go with a 13 ' seating position .
based on the dolby and thx website , my neigher mark also drafted up ideal speaker placement .
lighting was designed due to the fact that i have a touch of ocd and like to have things symmetrical so we ended up with 10 recessed lighting cans and 3 different zones .
this is what the overall layout of the basement looks like : build timeline journal 3/29/2008 early on i made a decision to frame in my center wall under the i beam because i wanted the room to be as wide as i possibly could .
well this worked great until i started to think about attaching drywall ... i wanted to be able to screw in the drywall at the top , not 10 inches below .
hd and lowes folks had no real answers other than gluing 2x6s to the beam or use a 1/4 ' plywood strip 6 " wide behind the 2x6 and nail or drill / bolt it to the i - beam .
i was not really happy with any of these suggestions and spent an hour wandering the isles when it hit me to use a 90 degree bracket ( angle zmax ) and a 2x2x8 furring strip ( 5 of them ) .
i attached the brackets to the joist and then screwed the furring strips .
i plan on wedging something behind them before i put drywall up just in case , but i do n't think that is necessary .
well it looks like i can only include 10 links to pictures so i learned something new tonight and will have to include pics below in another post
