theater doors question - exterior or zero international ? .
hi all , finally underway on a room with room theater in the basement and have a door question for you .
3 walls are up against exterior concrete walls -lrb- with a 1-4 '' gap for square and some pipes that were in the way . -rrb-
ceiling will be isolated by sitting on top of the 1/2 '' short walls .
the 4th wall separates the theater from the rest of the basement .
this wall has the doors for the theater entrance .
this is a double stud wall .
i 'm going with gg+dd on both sides of the double stud wall .
dd+gg on one side of the ceiling and the rest of the theater walls .
* because the rest of the basement will include a photography studio and i need the distance shooting from way back in the theater sometimes , i absolutely must have double doors that will be 5 ' and 6 ' 8 '' tall .
i 'm concerned my doors are going to be the weak point by far for sound leakage in this theater .
right now , i 'm planning a flush slab door , solid core , 1-3/4 '' , with t-astral covering seam of the two doors .
what 's the best i can do to treat this entrance ?
i have several ideas , but maybe there are others ... 1 -rrb- go with door as above but as an exterior door , so it will have sill and jambs with weather stripping .
i got a price on this of $ 410 .
2 -rrb- go with door as above but as an interior door , then use zero internation seals .
door would be about $ 120 and zero seals would be $ 611 .
3 -rrb- communicating doors ?
possibly using an exterior type door on the theater side and a solid core interior type door on the outside of the double stud wall .
i 'm afraid the communicating could look weird , but i 'm not ruling it out if it will make a big difference .
other thing is , maybe modifying one of the options above with 3/4 '' mdf and gg on the inside of a door .
question there is , do i need to order special hinges for adding that kind of mass to the door ?
i 'm trying to spend around $ 1000 or less on the door , but i want to make sure it 's a good solution so all the other work does n't go to waste .
