tp 's theater / game room build .
i want to start by saying that i have been reading this forum for years ... not only have a researched equipment i was going to buy , i also have dreamed and lived vicariously through many of you buying equipment i could only dream of ... and building theaters in your basement that would make me never want to leave home !!!
i recently moved to atlanta ga , and have decided to start finishing my basement and build a theater and game room ( one big room ) .
this thread will document my build although it will span a long period of time , because i am building what i can afford when i can afford it .
i started framing out my office that will hold my equipment and htpc .
this room will be nothing special ... a box with some soffits , and will serve as my learning how to frame ... ( basic walls are easy , figuring out how to connect a soffit to the wall and have the proper place for drywall gave me some trouble i will post pictures when i can get home and begin to officially document my slow progress .
the entire project is permitted ( i want to be able to sleep at night ... for safety and for following the law ) so i will also surely be asking questions like ... is this code i am having the hvac installed tuesday ... i am not even going to attempt to do that myself !
along with posting progress i hope to also be able to ask my many questions in this thread ... the first of which is : i am going to build a false wall about three feet inside the end of the room for an acoustically transparent screen , and put my klipsch rf - 83 / rc - 64 front sound stage behind that .
if i build a stage , can i focus on building the stage only in front of the false wall / screen and place the speakers directly on concrete behind the screen ( unfinshed space will be full of bass traps , etc ) ( on speaker spikes ) .
will that have any negatative side effects to the sound ?
if the speakers are too low , could i build small boxes ( think speaker platform ) behind the false wall as speaker stands and only fill those up with sand ... and the stage with insulation ??? i am sure pictures would help explain this ... i will try to get my idea documented and post it up .
thanks for everyone 's help over the years ... you have given me great ideas and the encouragement to try and tackle this myself !
