taz 's home theater .
updated : for those of you who want the quick results of my project , here are the final results .
i used a couple of spotlights to add more light for the pictures and touched up the brightness after the fact so the pictures look much brighter than it actually is in the room , but this way you can see what 's in the pictures .
total cost : $ 40,000 ( $ 17k for construction of the room , $ 23k for converting it from a room to a home theater ) i have been thinking over plans to build a dedicated home theater room in my house for a little over a year now .
up till now , i have not bought anything toward that goal or submitted any building applications .
this thread now marks my commitment to move beyond thinking and actually make it happen .
i intend to begin construction in a couple of months and i 'm hoping to have it finished within a couple of months .
i am very lucky in that my father is a contractor who i will be helping to build this ( it 's really not going to be the other way around - ) .
i am going to be building an addition to my house which means i have total control over the room , including the construction of the walls .
i would like to present my current plans and gather as much feedback i can before actually beginning work .
summary where : an additional room added to the side of the house room size : 26 ' x 16 ' screen size : 119 " diagonal construction : double stud exterior walls , no windows and no exterior doors .
here 's a model of the direction i am thinking about taking this room ( the actual decor and style of the room is something i have not settled on ) : because i am building a new room , i am going to do it right .
i am going to be building double walls to keep out the sound from a busy road next to my house .
i had originally considered a staggered stud wall but i realized that the roof is a major weak link because sound on the roof ( and sound in the attic from the open soffits ) short - circuits the staggering and goes right into the inner wall .
here 's a cross section of my framing plan : i do n't know if this is typical , but the soffits on my existing house are perforated which allows sound to pour right into the attic .
i have not yet decided how to keep this sound from penetrating the ceiling of the inner room .
one option is to attach osb on the underside of the rafters and part way up the roof .
this would create a channel through which the sound can move without coming directly out on top of the ceiling .
in addition to this , i 'm not sure if piling insulation on top of the ceiling will be good enough or if i should add more drywall or possibly isolation clips or green glue .
because of the double walls as well as the layer of brick on the outside , i am confident that sound will not be making it through the sides walls and so i think a single layer of standard 3/8 " gypsum will be sufficient .
and here is the floor plan for the room : the other big question i still have left to come to an answer on is what to do on the floor .
the rest of my house is just carpet and pad on concrete , but i 'm not sure if that 's a good thing for good sound inside this room or if i should put something down that is less reflective .
i 'm also hoping the jvc rs20 is out by the time i 'm finished .
it 's already sounding like the projector for me .
