`` the soul of a theater '' build thread .
in the beginning : i 've started on my journey to my home theater/family room basement remodel .
as many on here do , i will be doing most of the work by my self , or with the assistance of some friends in the ht and construction industries .
also , i am very cheap , so this whole basement must be done for less than $ 5000 -lrb- not including furniture or a/v equipment -rrb- .
i work for a retailer that sells furniture and electronics so i have the hook up there -lrb- cost or dealer accommodations -rrb- my room : is currently a partially finished 1200sqft basement -lrb- finished area is about 750 sqft -rrb- dressed in full 1970 's decor .
dark walnut paneling , shaker shingles , faux ceiling beams , faux candle sconces .
there is an unused brick wood burning fireplace .
wet bar .
1/2 bath that has paneling and shag carpet -lrb- yes shag in a bathroom , it makes me sick thinking of it -rrb- my plans : remove paneling and drywall behind paneling to install insulation and to run new electrical and low voltage wires .
i will leave the ceiling drywall intact , however , i will be installing new drywall on top of it with new can lighting .
demo fireplace and build a screen wall that will have a at screen with my lcr speakers placed behind the screen .
redo the wet bar with new cabinets sink and countertops .
gut the bathroom , install new floor , sink , toilet , and install a shower .
i do not plan on doing much for sound isolation , as this will be open to other parts of the house , and i 've realized i do n't listen to movies very loud .
and for those off times that i do , the wife and kids will more than likely be down stairs too .
i will however , try to focus some energy -lrb- time and money -rrb- on sound treatments .
i will plan on upgrading equipment as money allow , so i will spend the $ $ on making the room upgradeable as possible with in my budget .
my equipment : most of my current equipment will transfer over to the new room , also most of it is a few years old .
but as i said above , i am planning on making the room/area upgradeable so newer equipment can be added .
i currently have a sony 1251q crt projector that will be used initially for the theater .
this may be switched over to a dlp or lcd projector , if i can find one that i like .
i paid $ 50 for my 1251 , so for a cost to performance rating it might take me a while to find a bulb projector i like as much as the crt .
my receiver is a few year old denon avr 1705 that will stand in place until i decide to spend the coin on a new one .
toshiba hd-dvd player - the format may be dead , but my player still works .
my speakers are something i 've been kicking around replacing , but i love them : jbl hls series 810 's , center , and 410 's for the rear .
they sound fantastic , so we 'll see if they get replaced , again i 'm cheap .
i 'll try to update this thread as i move along .
pictures will also follow .
