step up 2 : the streets ( blu - ray ) official avsforum review .
the review at a glance : ( max score : 5 ) film : " > extras : audio / video total rating : ( max score : 100 ) 86 studio and year : disney / touchstone - 2008 mpaa rating : pg - 13 feature running time : 98 minutes genre : drama disc format : bd - 50 encoding : mpeg - 4 ( avc ) video aspect : 1.85:1 resolution : 1080p / 24 audio format ( s ) : english uncompressed 5.1 pcm , english / french / spanish dolby digital 5.1 surround subtitles : english sdh , french , spanish starring : briana evigan , robert hoffmann , will kermp , cassie ventura directed by : jon m. chu music by : aaron zigman written by : toni ann johnson & karen barna region code : a blu - ray disc release date : july 15 , 2008 " takin ?
it to the streets " film synopsis : when a street savvy girl with untrained talent teams up with a virtuoso modern dancer to compete in anunderground dance - off , sparks fly both on and off the dance floor !
street kid andie ( briana evigan ) wins a slot at the elite maryland school of the arts , but finds herself fighting to fit in with her privilegedclassmates while also trying to hold onto her old life .
but when she joins forces with the school?s hottest dancer , chase ( robert hoffman ) , to form a crew of fellow academy outcasts to compete in baltimore?s underground dance battle , the streets , she ultimately finds a way to live her dream while building a bridge between her two separate worlds .
my take : you don?t have to be a fan of hip hop music or break style dance to appreciate the level of talent displayed by the dancers in this follow up to 2006 ?
s step up .
step up 2 the streets features lots of pulsating hip hop rhythms and extensive dance routines that are truly mesmerizing to watch .
that is where the strength of the film lies .
the theme of the story has been done before and is built around andie ( briana evigan ) who is a young , talented but raw street dancer .
her mother passed away recently and she has been living with her mother?s close friend who promised to keep her on the right track in life .
andie gets into hot water because of her involvement with the 410 a local street dance crew .
they pull off an elaborate ?
video prank ?
that ends up making the evening news .
andie is given an ultimatum that she is to enter the maryland school of arts or be forced to move to texas .
she auditions for the prestigious school and gets in but has trouble adapting to the style of dance as well as the atmosphere in the school .
robert hoffmann co-stars as an msa student who can see andie?s potential as both a dancer and individual .
they team up ( in more ways than one ) with several others at the school who feel like misfits and prepare to enter baltimore?s underground dance battle known as the streets .
tensions mount between andie?s new ?
crew ?
and her old one the 410 which ends up in a showdown at the streets.the cast performances were less than inspiring however i don?t think that this film is geared toward great acting .
its focus is definitely on the dance and music set pieces which are very good .
the ending is a little on the warm and fuzzy side but i had no problem with that .
parental guide : the rating is for language , suggestive material , and brief violence .
this one should be fine for young teens and above .
audio / video - by the numbers : reference = 92 - 100 / excellent = 83 - 91 / good = 74 - 82 / average = 65 - 73 / below average = under 65 ** my audio / video ratings are based upon a comparative made against other high definition media / blu - ray disc .
** ( each rating is worth 4 points with a max of 5 per category ) audio : 86 dynamics : low frequency extension : surround sound presentation : clarity / detail : dialogue reproduction : video : 86 ( each rating is worth 4 points with a max of 5 per category ) resolution / clarity : black level / shadow detail : color reproduction : fleshtones : compression : step up 2 the streets comes to blu - ray disc from touchstone / disney featuring 1080p avc encoded video that has an average bitrate of 22 mbps and lossless uncompressed 5.1 pcm audio that has a constant bitrate of 6.9 mbps.the video presentation was a bit different than i had anticipated after seeing the trailer for step up on blu - ray .
it didn?t exhibit the resolute sharpness and finely rendered detail of the best i have seen from the format .
it wasn?t soft by any means and there was plenty of visible detail and dimensionality .
it just didn?t have the vibrancy and refined quality to the video that gives it that peering through a window effect .
colors were natural in tonality but were de-saturated which made them appear less stimulating to the eye .
flesh tones were rendered with plenty of detectable variation and lifelike texture .
contrast was on the lower end and blacks exhibited a slight crushing effect .
this impacted the perception of detail within dark scenes and backgrounds .
this only negatively affected a few scenes though .
the final dance sequence which took place on the street at night in the rain had plenty of depth of field and looked quite good .
noise was non existent and grain appeared only on occasion and was never intrusive .
the theme of this film begged for a dynamic and punchy soundtrack .
i was pleased to find that it made great use of its strengths which lied in the quality of its dialogue , and low frequency reproduction .
as soon as the menu screen appeared and played a short audio clip i knew that bass response was going to be strong .
the pulsating and rhythmic beat of the hip hop and r&b music numbers provided extended bass that was tactilely rich , tight and room filling .
the mix used only the front three channels and subwoofer during the music / dance numbers .
the sound stage didn?t reach far into the room but had tight focus and a full sounding dynamic quality that had lots of pop .
the surrounds saw limited use but sounded enveloping as they blended seamlessly with the front sound field .
i found myself on several occasions tapping my toe to beat of this excellent lossless audio soundtrack .
** it should be noted that the disc case lists a lossless english 5.1 dolby truehd audio track however the lossless audio is offered in uncompressed 5.1 pcm .
** bonus features : the bonus supplements focused primarily on the dance aspects of the film and should appeal to those who share that interest .
the making of feature , through fresh eyes , is a 12 minute documentary that looks at first time feature film director jon m. chu .
it includes background on him which includes interviews with his parents , behind the scenes footage from the production , and insights from some of the staff and cast .
the outtakes and deleted scenes with director introduction were mildly entertaining at best .
the outlaws of hip hop , meet 410 feature takes a look at the dancers who were cast in the film and features interviews with some of them as well as the main choreographer for the dance numbers .
i found that to be interesting as it highlighted the choreography and rehearsing of the moves used in the film .
there are 5 music videos featuring artists such as missy elliott , low , brit & alex and more .
there is an easter egg included which is titled ?
post wrap dancing ?
which features the dancers / cast showing off their best on the dance club set featured in the film .
last but not least if my personal favorite .
the lead actor robert hoffmann video prank was shot at a local mini mart and is definitely a must see .
( hd ) through fresh eyes : the making of step up 2 the streets ( hd ) outlaws of hip hop meet 410 - featurette ( hd ) lead actor robert hoffmann video prank ( hd ) ( 8 ) deleted scenes and outtakes with director jon m. chu introduction 5 music videos featuring various hip hop artists ( hd ) easter egg : post wrap dancing final thoughts : i enjoyed step up 2 the streets for its superlative dance numbers and display of physical talent .
as a film it was just average but the combination of the two made it a more palatable experience .
i found the audio / video quality to be solid and the bonus features an added plus .
this may not be disney?s strongest effort from a technical perspective but it surely doesn?t disappoint .
its day and date release on blu - ray high definition and dvd is sure to please fans .
ralph potts avs forum blu - ray reviews reference review system : sony vpl - vw50 sxrd 1080p high definition front projector carada precision brilliant white 96 " screen oppo 970hd universal disc dvd player ( 480i hdmi ) toshiba hd - xa2 hd dvd player ( hdmi audio / video ) panasonic dmp - bd30 blu - ray disc player ( hdmi audio / video ) sony playstation 3 blu - ray disc player ( hdmi audio / video ) marantz dv7001 universal disc player denon avr 5308ci thx ultra 2 preamp / video processor outlaw audio model 7700 seven channel amplifier b&k reference 200.7 series 2 seven channel amplifier canton " ergo " series speakers axiom audio qs8 quadpolar speakers sv sound pb - 13 ultra ( rosenut finish ) apc av s15blk power conditioner / surge protector wireworld , vizionware , audioquest , best deal cables - audio / video / speaker cabling cool components - cp - cp102 cooling package
