thank you with questions . .
since the main official thread seems more orientated to to hdmi bitstreaming capability of the card which is great but that 's only part of it 's capability .
so i am starting this thread for those of us that purchased this card to use the analog outputs to supplement our older avr 's which do n't have any support for the new hd audio formats .
here let 's report what works , what does n't and what is needed to fully support our needs .
please , no bashing !
i suggest listing the following in the posts : cpu and speed motherboard or computer brand & model installed memory graphics card graphic driver version os 32 or 64 bit & service pack level hd-rom drive used for playback hdav driver version tmt version here is my take : 1 .
xonar hdav center should have under `` analog out '' drop-down - 6.1 speakers 2 .
some positive `` feedback indicator '' as to what `` audio format and sample rate '' is being decoded .
3 .
automatic selection of the best `` sample rate '' based on stream being decoded .
but leave manual controls to override if necessary .
4 .
ideally complete hd dvd support for true-hd and dts-ma but at the very least a more graceful way to playback audio via analog outputs .
as it stands now you must select digital output and use spdif out to playback .
no analog output support at all !
yes , i know it 's the loosing format but it is one of the reasons i purchased the tmt retail version , to have dual format support .
but now having to use asus tmt version in order to use the xonar ; this unnecessarily limits and complicates tmt 's hd dvd playback .
i for one have some hd dvd 's and do n't see the need to have to replace them for bd versions as their hd video quality is certainly as good as any bd i have watched and the sound formats are the same .
as far as bd is concerned the disk 's i have played seem to decode quite well ; i put it this way as i can only subjectively say it sounds a lot better seeming fuller and much richer than before .
`` need decoding format indicator '' as one would get on a avr to validate .
dvd formats of dd , ex and dts 5.1 / es seem to work .
at this time i do not use the hdmi in/out for video , as it interferes with several other apps i use by making my system read as a dual monitor system at all times .
the two apps are directv2pc and pdvd8 .
instead i still use my mon2 to feed my visionhdp scalier and then the mits hd4000 pj .
which works very well .
no lip-sync errors so far .
rew e8400 @ 3.8 ghz asus p5e 4gb ram visiontek ati hd3850 cat 8.11 vista 32 ultimate sp1 lg ggc-h20l hdav - r1757 rc01 tmt - 20081129
