the midnight jungle theater debut -lrb- dcp design , diy build -rrb- .
after more than the usual pain and suffering , i 'm relieved to finally be able to present my finished theater -lrb- definitely not a `` standard '' avs theater -rrb- .
-lrb- stitch of 3 pics -rrb- : room dimensions : -lrb- 16 ' w -rrb- x -lrb- 17 ' l -rrb- x -lrb- 12 ' h -rrb- screen : 108 '' smx material , diy aluminum/wood frame -lrb- 16:9 -rrb- eyes to screen distance : 10 ' uncommon features : ceiling hanging `` bass trap '' panels with can lights , no drywall penetration !
area rug permanently installed as carpet -lrb- already had it , saved on material cost -rrb- i wanted my theater to be close to a `` padded batcave '' theater which normally means 100 % black everything and full acoustic treatments .
but i wanted some color , and already had burgundy berkline 090 seats , so i used some dark red fabric for accent .
the end result is dark enough that it 's extremely difficult to photograph .
the photos below used 1000w halogen lights , and/or a high powered flash .
under normal light , the different black fabrics are the same shade and you ca n't see through the grill cloth fabric .
fabrics used : gom fr701-2100 408-black -lrb- screenwall + soffits + ceiling panels -rrb- gom zirconia-3583 012-garnet -lrb- wall accents + columns -rrb- dazian celtic cloth-black -lrb- walls -rrb- parts express grill cloth-black -lrb- front main + column surround speakers -rrb- started the design process with design cinema privee -lrb- dcp -rrb- oct. 2005 , received final drawings feb. 2006 -lrb- yes , 16 weeks -rrb- .
started demo and construction .
made quick progress for a few months , finishing framing , drywall , hvac , soffits , etc. .
in aug. 2006 , finished the 2x10 stage frame .
when moving it into position , it slipped out of my grip and dropped onto my big toe , shattering the bone .
3 months to recover plus several more months before interested in seriously working on theater again .
lesson learned : never do any heavy work without wearing steel-toe shoes .
finally reached carpet install feb. 2008 !
typical story : installed equipment , chairs , etc. and began using it .
last 2 % not finished until june 2008 .
60 + construction photos below show the long journey .
-- dan
