verification of at design & 4 ' x8 ' rigid fiberglass glued to ceiling ? .
after looking at all sorts of the options for my 2 ' thick cement ceiling i decided that $ 15sqft for mineral tiles was just too much .
the other choices like celiume would cost just over $ 3sqft and they offer almost no acoustical help .
since my room is 16 ' x22 ' x9 ' and all 6 cement walls i think i 've decided what is needed and wanted to make sure i 'm on the right track before i make all the orders .
i 'm going to use 3/4 " mdf strips to hold sheets of 4 ' x8 ' 1 " ( i think it 's safe for me to rule out 2 " because of the amount of fiberglass i 'm using ? )
3 lb fiberglass board away from surfaces .
the ceiling will be fully covered with fiberglass and covered by an inexpensive black fabric , this will hopefully give the feeling of a " taller " ceiling by absorbing much of the mid and high 's .
the side walls will have roughly 4 ' x4 ' fiberglass panels held 3/4 " of an inch away from the walls , in between the 10 " x17 " x9 ' columns ( the columns will be 3/4 " mdf also be covered in a cloth and the middle 3 ' of the column will hold speakers inside in some locations ) .
in between the columns , covering the fiberglass panels and cement walls above them will be some theater stage curtain like fabric ( to be picked ) .
i 'm still debating on thick curtains to stop mid 's / high 's or something thin to let them pass through and bounce off the cement walls behind ) .
the front wall ( behind the false wall and at screen ) will be 1 " fiberglass , like everywhere else .
i 'll layer it 2 " thick behind the lcr speakers , behind the screen .
the front to corners , floor to ceiling will have 12 " x12 " ( 17 " face area ) bass traps .
the rear wall will again have columns and fiberglass like the side walls .
the carpet will be outdoor carpet ( or water safe ) and probably no pad under it ( due to potential water coming into the room ) there will be 7 " x14 " mdf soffits around the room , but over the front screen is still up for debate .
the soffit will not touch the ceiling or walls , but rather ' float ' 2 " away from both surfaces in an l shape , and will be stuffed with r - 38 where not close to can lighting inside of the soffit .
i plan on using spray adhesive to hold the cloth to the fiberglass .
i 'm hoping i can glue the cloth to the 4 ' x8 ' sheets on the ceiling , then glue the fiberglass to the 3/4 " mdf strips along the ceiling , can anyone comment on this too ?
there are also photos in my .
sig construction thread .
thanks for all your help .
i 've hopefully done enough research to know i 'm on the right track .
