how should i fill this unique space with sound ? .
we 're just finishing up a home renovation and i 'm considering how to setup our home theater now .
as you can see from the attached floorplan image , our space is a little unique , and i 'd really love as many opinions as i can get on : 1 .
speaker placement .
here , i 'm thinking a pretty typical setup , correct me if i 'm wrong .
center speaker under the 50 '' plasma , 2 front speakers placed at appropriate spots to left and right .
2 surrounds , placed at where dolby 's site would suggest we place them just behind the viewing area and slightly higher than sofa level -lrb- the mantle on the fireplace will do great - no , fireplace does n't work -rrb- and i 'll probably mount the other on the wall beside the door .
subwoofer where it should go and then i 'm also thinking another surround speaker there on the back wall , between those two windows .
2 .
speaker type/size -lrb- feel free to be specific -rrb- .
here is where i 'm pretty stuck .
i do n't know how much i 'll need to get good sound without overkill .
as you can see , our ceilings are pretty high .
this is all also one massive room .
the blue part is the kitchen , the green part is the tv/theater room .
there is no wall in between these 2 rooms .
hearing the tv in the kitchen is not really a concern .
i 'd rather focus on just getting quality sound in the tv area .
however , i read someplace that i needed to take all of the space into consideration because of sound bouncing and scattering , so i 'm not sure what speakers would be best for this size space and how its laid out .
the chimney between the rooms , extends the whole way from floor to ceiling .
everything is to scale , so you can see that its not too awful big .
the viewing/listening area will be 9 feet from the front of the tv .
i 'm a little worried about the high ceilings -lrb- 13.5 ft -rrb- .
i 'd be very curious to hear what you all may think as far as giving me some advice on some options i may want to consider for this space .
consider price not a real consideration .
it 's important in the sense that i do n't want to overspend , but i also do n't want to go to best buy and just get whatever .
i currently own a polk surround sound setup that i bought in 1998 that has treated me wonderfully during the past 10 years , but i did n't want to just go back to that brand just because .
if there is something else out there i should consider , i 'm all ears .
thanks a lot for any responses , i 'd really value any/all insights .
