what is the difference between a kenwood vr5700 and vr5900 ? .
hi folks my video equipment is top of the line 9 inch crt projector a decent video processor !
i have been feeding this set up from a desktop computer for dvd playback and some game playing !
.... but sadly in the sound department i am still stuck in " 2 channel ville " , so i figured it is time to join the multi channel crowd !
( not to mention a standalone dvd player with sdi output ... which as i understand the dv - 5900 is an excellent candidate for such a modification ! )
i have come across a decent deal on a kenwood vr - 5700 sovereign series receiver !
( with all the works the entree player with keyboard , the dv - 5900 400 dvd player and the receiver mentioned above ) why i wanted to stick with a kenwood was because : my graduation gift from high school was a kenwood sound system and it is still being used in my home theater !
( well at least the 2 channel amp and the eq !
said goodbye to the dual cassette deck and the 5 cd changer a while back , but they are still sitting in my garage ! )
that is enough on the back story !
i have search the internet and this forum and all that i have been able to see is that one has more power than the other !
is there any other differences between the 5700 and the 5900 that is worth mentioning ?
it is also my understanding that with my existing 2 channel amp i can have 7.1 .... what is the deal with that ?
does this mean that the processing is there but no amplification for the rear surrounds ?
could someone also explain to me if dts is all that i will need ( for movies ) as far as decoding is concerned with this unit , or am i missing some important options in buying this unit !
the decoding capabilities are as follow : -- dolby digital -- dts -- dolby pro logic ii -- thx surround ex -- dts es ( matrix and discrete ) -- dts neo 6 decoding any help will be appreciated and let me thank you all in advance for any advice and such on my purchase of these units martin
