sex and the city : the movie ( blu - ray ) official avsforum review .
the review at a glance : ( max score : 5 ) film : extras : audio / video total rating : ( max score : 100 ) 87 studio and year : new line - 2008 mpaa rating : nr feature running time : 151 minutes genre : romantic comedy disc format : bd - 50 encoding : vc - 1 video aspect : 1.85:1 resolution : 1080p / 24 audio format ( s ) : english dolby truehd 5.1 , dolby digital 5.1 subtitles : english & spanish starring : sarah jessica parker , kim cattrall , kristin davis , cynthia nixon , chris noth written & directed by : michael patrick king music by : aaron zigman region code : a blu - ray disc release date : september 23 , 2008 " love?the only label that never goes out of style " film synopsis : for too long , carrie bradshaw ( sara jessica parker ) had been looking for love in all the wrong places ... but in all the right shoes .
in this much anticipated movie event , carrie , samantha ( kim cattrall ) , charlotte ( kristin davis ) and miranda ( cynthia nixon ) are back , four years after the hit tv series ended .
as they continue to juggle career , relationships , motherhood and life in manhattan , the girls realize that more than ever , true friendship never goes out of style .
my take : when this show was on hbo my wife loved to watch it .
occasionally i would watch episodes with her .
for a show about four women living in nyc etc. .
i thought it wasn?t bad and didn?t mind catching an episode when i could .
i found that all of them ( perhaps with the exception of miranda ) had an appealing side that at one point or another made them likeable .
honestly , i found charlotte to be the most appealing .
here is a genuinely nice woman and while she might be a little naive , seems to be the best judge of character and rarely has much to offer at confession .
samantha?s blunt nature and uncontrollable passion for sex can be hard to tolerate but when the chips are down she is the first one in your corner .
carrie is needy and unluckily in love which is why she is so fortunate to be surrounded by three such loyal compatriots .
miranda is smart , judgmental , and whiney which i sometimes see as her good points .
to be fair though she is sometimes the glue that keeps the four of them together .
my wife went and saw this in the theater and said it was like an extended episode of the show and very good .
after watching this i would have to agree .
having watched the series is not a prerequisite to being able to enjoy the movie .
i will say that being familiar with the characters and their history does enhance the experience a bit .
the film opens with just some quick snippets on each character as described by carrie and includes clips from the show .
this provides some foundation for those who have never watched the series .
the story centers on carrie but there are four distinct story lines in the film that involve each of the four women .
they include male interests for each of them and their characters from the series are reprised as are the actors who portrayed them.the fact that sex and the city the movie plays out very much like an extended episode of the show is in my opinion not a bad thing as the show was very successful .
what i appreciated about the writing is that is didn?t try to go outside of the lines and be more than that because it?s a feature length film .
it stayed true to the feeling of the show and its characters but with a deeper storyline .
the things that i liked about the show were very much present in the film .
the actresses that portray the four main players , sarah jessica parker , kim cattrall , kristin davis and cynthia nixon are all very familiar / comfortable / confident in these characters .
this makes their onscreen chemistry undeniably fervent .
i think that what i like most about it is the bond shared by these four friends .
in my opinion everyone should have friendships like that .
parental guide : this film contains graphic nudity , language , sexual content , and alcohol use .
this is not a film for young viewers .
audio / video - by the numbers : reference = 92 - 100 / excellent = 83 - 91 / good = 74 - 82 / average = 65 - 73 / below average = under 65 ** my audio / video ratings are based upon a comparative made against other high definition media / blu - ray disc .
** ( each rating is worth 4 points with a max of 5 per category ) audio : 84 dynamics : low frequency extension : surround sound presentation : clarity / detail : dialogue reproduction : video : 90 ( each rating is worth 4 points with a max of 5 per category ) resolution / clarity : black level / shadow detail : color reproduction : fleshtones : compression : sex and the city , the movie comes to blu - ray disc featuring 1080p vc - 1 encoded video that has an average bitrate of 25 mbps and lossless dolby truehd 5.1 channel audio that has an average bitrate of 1.7 mbps.this blu - ray disc delivers beautiful 1080p high definition video quality .
it comes framed in a 1.85:1 ar that boasts vivid eye catching colors that feature rich , vibrant textures and deeply saturated hues .
flesh tones are lively with natural tones and variable complexional rendering among the cast .
images are dimensionally divergent with crisp lines and resolute sharpness .
detail is opulent which allows the fine texture and surface structure within clothing , objects , and personal characteristics of the actors to be easily discernible .
white and black levels maintain excellent balance so that bright scenes are punchy while offering visible white detail and darker scenes had solid contrast with deep gradational blacks and excellent shadow detail .
a look at the scene when steve comes to miranda?a apartment to pick up brady on new year?s eve is an example .
as he stands in the threshold of the doorway in the lowlight he is wearing an all black wool coat .
the outline and structure of the lapels and the folds / creases is clearly visible while the jacket remains deep black .
another example is during the day when the girls arrive at a high end fashion show samantha slips on the snow covered walkway .
the texture of the snow piled on either wide of the walkway is visible as is the furry fleece of her solid white full length coat .
i didn?t see any obvious signs or compression related video anomalies or bit starvation .
i thought this was an excellent video presentation.for some reason the default soundtrack option on this disc was the lossy dolby digital 5.1 audio .
this disc has no main menu and when the disc is inserted the movie starts .
that isn?t a problem but i thought that i would mention it .
accessing the pop - up menu i switched to the lossless dolby truehd soundtrack .
the audio sounded full bodied with excellent sonic detail and crystal clear dialogue throughout .
it made ample use of the entire surround platform and presented a spatially diverse sound field that appropriately rendered the elements contained within the soundtrack .
i thought that it sounded great .
bonus features : director commentary ( hd ) a conversation with sarah jessica parker and director michael patrick king ( hd ) the fabulous fashions of sex and the city - featurette fergie : in the studio 4 deleted scenes with optional commentary track ( hd ) the city : an interactive map that details various nyc locales dish it !
- an interactive pop up feature that when enabled provides trivia , fun facts and juicy tidbits about the film digital copy - a bonus disc that contains a standard definition version of the film that can be downloaded from a compatible pc to a portable playback device final thoughts : sex and the city the movie allows fans the opportunity to re-visit these characters and it does so using a thematic style which is reminiscent of the series .
while i wouldn?t call myself a fan i do have an appreciation for a well written and acted film that i found enjoyable .
new line has delivered top notch video quality and decent set of bonus supplements which includes a standard definition digital copy of the film and blu - ray disc exclusive features .
i would say that sex and the city the movie on blu - ray disc is a must have for fans .
for others i would recommend a rental but don?t be surprised if you find that you like it more than you thought you would .
ralph potts avs forum blu - ray reviews reference review system : jvc dla - rs1x 1080p high definition front projector carada precision brilliant white 96 " screen oppo 970hd universal disc dvd player ( 480i hdmi ) toshiba hd - xa2 hd dvd player ( hdmi audio / video ) panasonic dmp - bd30 blu - ray disc player ( hdmi audio / video ) sony playstation 3 blu - ray disc player ( hdmi audio / video ) marantz dv7001 universal disc player denon avr 5308ci thx ultra 2 preamp / video processor b&k reference 200.7 series 2 seven channel amplifier canton " ergo " series speakers axiom audio qs8 quadpolar speakers sv sound pb - 13 ultra ( rosenut finish ) apc av s15blk power conditioner / surge protector furman spr - 20i stable power regulator wireworld , vizionware , audioquest , best deal cables - audio / video / speaker cabling cool components - cp - cp102 cooling package
