grafik eye 3106 .
updated 11/12/2008 i know this is the upteenth thread regarding ht diy builds but to me , being someone who enjoys sitting at home watching a movie or the ball game more than the bar scene , this is a long time coming .
i 've reached a bit of a sticking point in weeding through all of the various ideas with regards to layouts , design , and of course implementation .
i plan to have this completed by mid december , and i 'm hoping there are a number of you who are willing to help me get things figured out .
here are the details of where i am : i have just finished framing a 15 ' 5 " x 14 ' x 85 " high ( yes it 's tight height-wise ) room in my basement , with one small window and a standard , 32 " door opening .
i have not begun to add anything else yet , because i am stuck in how to build up my walls properly and what wiring / devices i really need to add .
due to the size of my room , i plan to use a front projector , a perforated screen , with in wall speakers behind the screen .
the subwoofer will reside in the room in one of the corners .
the equipment list i currently have laid out is as follows ( updated ) : a / v experience : atlantic technologies 6200e front speakers atlantic technologies 6200ec center atlantic technologies 4200sr surrounds ( 4 of them ) velodyne spl - 1200 subwoofer sony hw10 1080p projector pioneer elite vsx - 94txh receiver universal remote msc - 400 basestation universal remote mx - 980 remote universal remote mx - 3000 remote monster power htfs1000 power conditioner monster power hts 3500 power center dyi at screen lighting : grafik eye 3104 4 - zone controller grafik eye 3106 6 - zone controller 2 grafik eye 5 - scene wall stations 2 grafik eye 8 - scene wall stations i intended to place 7 3 " recessed lights , but i have reduced the amount to 6 3 " , par20 50w recessed lights .
i 'm going to wire for 3 more recessed lights just in case i want to add them later .
there will still be 4 wall sconces on cherry wood columns .
hvac : i have a single 6 " heat / cooling duct to push air in , and i am putting in a low cold air return and a high cold air return , both with baffles to change them over depending if i am pushing cold air or warm air into the room .
the heating duct is in the ceiling and i used 6 " flexible , insulated pipe .
i am tearing out the old cold air returns from the rooms above and replacing them with oc703 - lined misc : floor : this is yet another discussion ... my floor is a concrete slab , with a french drain around the perimeter .
my basement is 100 % dry , and in no danger of flooding ( its built in a sand bed on a hill ) .
i originally intended to use the 2 ' x2 ' plywood subfloor that has the plastic bottom which allows air to circulate under the floor , and then use a normal carpet mat with the thick carpet .
i 've been reading a bunch on acoustic panels .
is there really that much of a difference that it 's worth spending $ 2.50 / ft for the stuff in addition to the other flooring costs ?
resources http://www.avsforum.com/avs-vb/showthread.php?t=1043747 historical notes left over from the past original post : quote : i am also building a 12 tb media server as i intend to use dlna - compatible devices throughout my house , and the pioneer receiver above is dlna .
since the room is small , there 's really only space for a single row of seating , so between the room depth and the height limitations , i do not intend to build a riser for a row of seats nor do i intend put in any sofited ceiling stuff .
i will have a single 6 " heating / cooling diffuser placed in the ceiling along with the same size return , also in the ceiling .
i 'll provide pictures tomorrow when i get home from work .
now on to the issues i have to solve : 1 .
what lighting controls do i need to purchase 2 .
what other wiring is necessary for the room .
3 .
should i put a small stage in to provide a little better overall theme ?
4 .
should i ' box ' in the screen to provide additional proteciton , knowing that i must place the speakers behind it ?
and the big one : 5 .
how should i go about sealing up the walls and making the room acousticlly pleasing ?
number 5 is the most confusing part of all this .
there are many , many options and i 'm simply unsure of what would be the best combination of options to acheive what i want - a very quiet , isolated , theater experience that will not affect the rest of the household .
i 'm currently considering the following : building the walls using the isomax isolation clips on all walls and the ceiling - http://www.kineticsnoise.com/arch/isomax/index.aspx .
from that i would use two 1/2 " sheets of drywall and float all the walls , using some type of sealant to separate them all .
i planned on using r - 13 insulation in the walls and ceiling , with foam insulation ( in addition to ) every other stud .
i 've looked at things like the green glue to use between the drywall , and visiting the acoustical solutions website , there 's a plethora of options out there to seal up the room .
however , they all add up to quite an expense .
so , i guess my questions are these : - are the isolation clips worth the cost ?
- is there an alternative to the green glue ?
is it really needed at all ?
- to what extreme should i be worrying about isolating and sealing up the room ?
i want to build this right , the first time , but it 's difficult to come to grips spending $ 1500 - 2000 dallors only on sealant to seal up a room that is used privately several hours a week ... i know there are hundreds of people here who have built their own theater / media rooms or have theaters themselves , and i am looking for the best , most cost - effective solution that fits within my budget .
