htpc build suggestions please ... .
hello , here is what i have from a week or so of searching the forums , i could definitely use the input .
am a total noob to av stuff ( but not system building ) .
case : i 'll decide on this after i decide on the rest of the components .
i figure i 'll just browse newegg which probably carries a vast majority of 'em .
or is there a site that has a better selection or a good comparison of the current ones ?
mobo / cpu : ga - ma780gpm - ds2h and amd x2 5050e .
is there a better motherboard + igp solution out now ?
or even non-igp .
want the video accel features .
but possibly a faster solution for not much more power usage ?
i have n't bought a receiver yet , so not having lpcm over hdmi is n't an issue until then .
but if there as a diff igp solution that offers same or better igp , might as well get that one .
or will a discrete video card that is similar speed but better audio solution give a similar total power consumption ( when igp is disabled ) ?
ram : crucial ballistix 2x1gb ( pc6400 ) - have it laying around video capture : do they have tuner cards , or whatever , that will let me timeshift dish network programming ?
actually it would only be about 6 or 7 international channels .
getting tivohd for fios programming .
although i might end up not getting fios and getting dish for all my tv .
in that case i would just use dish 's dvr .
still in the process of comparing the two , and hope to decide by tomorrow afternoon .
optical drive : ggc - h20l ( possibly ggw - h20l ) .
are these drives quiet ?
when playing , hopefully they do n't spin up to full speed and stay there .
for most play back i figure they probably do n't need to be spinning full speed .
or is there a better combo drive that is quieter ?
software : will be running vista .
will be playing audio / video content streamed from other pc ( s ) .
probably use mpc - hc and wmc or mediaportal .
does wmc / mediaportal do timeshifting in the case of dish network above ?
remote / keyboard : another thing i 'll not worry about till after i get the rest of the components ( case might come with a remote etc. so i might not have to worry about till i get a receiver ) .
oh , btw i have a wd - 73736 mitsubishi dlp ( that i got early this week ) .
anyway , thanks a lot for reading and / or responding ... imran
