official tw4000 owners thread ! .
the title is half in jest , as i do n't expect to see to many other people in japan purchasing eh-tw4000 projector and frequenting the -lrb- english language -rrb- avs forums , but i thought i 'd post my thoughts on my new tw4000 , as it showed up today !
first off , anyone who 's reading a lot in this forum over the last few months probably already knows that i 'm a gamer , first and foremost .
i have my hd dvd collection -lrb- both an a2 and xbox 360 -rrb- and the rd-x7 , but the bulk of my game hours come from gaming , and i would n't even know how to get a projector professionally calibrated in this country .
-lrb- i do own dve on hd dvd , but i also know what my eyes like -rrb- after some image lag tests , transformers on hd dvd and some gaming , here 's my quick first impressions : pros : sharp .
great blacks .
fantastic picture out of the box .
-lrb- it 's defaults are set to low lamp , which is great for my size screen , and cinema 1 , which looks great . -rrb-
going from a z3 to a tw4000 , it 's way too big of an improvement for me to get into any nitty gritty stuff .
everything is fantastic so far .
-lrb- the convergence and uniformity are also really good based on what i 've seen so far , but i 'll check them out closer tonight . -rrb-
very quiet .
-lrb- again , at the default low lamp setting , i have n't tried `` high '' -rrb- english remote -lrb- no japanese on it at all ... unlike the menus -rrb- very pretty .
i was n't a fan of the 1080ub/tw2000 design , while i did like the ae2000 's look ... seeing the tw3000 in white , i was n't sure how much i 'd like the look of the tw4000 , but it looks very sleek .
cons : frame creation is enabled by default , even on the vga input .
-lrb- i agree it looks very unnatural at times , even on low , and it also causes input lag -rrb- after transformers was over , the judder on the credits was obvious , so i tried the frame creation .
high and normal made them look extremely fluid ... it 's a shame that it also tries to `` frame create '' moving stubble with horrible results on moving closeups and adds a tangible amount of audio lag .
the settings are only japanese , you ca n't set them to english .
-lrb- as is panasonic , but my sanyo z3 allowed me to set the menus to english . -rrb-
big .
-lrb- okay , not really a con as i have space for it , but it 's so much bigger than my z3 .
even though i 've seen the tw3000 a half dozen times store settings , and measured to make sure it would fit , just how big this projector is was mildly surprising when i set it up in the same place the tw4000 used to be .
honestly , after seeing jvc 's hd750 on display at ceatec , i was stoked about what a new projector would do to my room , but after seeing the tw3000 on display a few times , i was somewhat concerned with how good the tw4000 would look .
-lrb- the hd750 was in a pure black room with black velvet and black leather seats ... the tw3000 was on display at a biccamera that would be more similar to the issues i 'd have in my room with it 's off white walls . -rrb-
i was impressed with the ae2000 , but unimpressed with the recent organic panel 1080p projectors ... and this projector is definitely a signficant step up from the ae2000 .
i 'm not about to say anything crazy about this being in the same league as the hd750 , but for my less than ideal setup , i ca n't imagine a projector doing a noticably better job ... and i 'm expecting the projector to last longer on it 's shelf than the 5-year extended warranty i got for it .
anyway , those are some quick thoughts before i head out to dinner with my wife , and come back for some gaming later , but i thought i 'd ask if anyone else in japan is getting a tw4000 , and see if any of you -lrb- who might be interested in the 6500 -rrb- have any more specific questions i might be able to reply to .
