stoney creek cinema -lrb- actual theater room construction has started -rrb- .
before i begin , i would like to thank everyone on this forum who has helped with my questions , and given me advice both publicly and through pm .
i am sure i will have many more before this build is complete .
for those of you who get offended by construction threads that include areas of the basement/home outside of the dedicated theater , i apologize ahead of time because this thread will do that .
i will be building my ht literally from the ground up as i build my new home , and it just seems natural to include other parts of the build as well as the ht , but i promise to keep the majority of the focus on the ht as i get to that point .
i think the thing i most enjoy on this forum are the `` before and after '' photos that are posted showing how the talented people of this forum transformed a dreary basement or attic into an incredible showpiece of an ht , and i am actually a bit envious of those of you that have been able to do that , but i will use my pre-build photos as my `` before '' and feel a little better .
as background , for those who do not yet know , i am a contractor and have worked in the construction industry for many years .
i will be doing a large amount of the work with the help of people that work with me on a daily basis , and because i build for a living i am confused as to whether or not this still qualifies as a diy project .
since i am heading into uncharted waters with the theater portion of the home , and i am doing all of the planning , and installation without the assistance of someone who specializes in theaters , then i am going to say it does qualify as diy .
lastly , i love the theater names that everyone has come up with and would appreciate any suggestions or ideas that you may think of along the way .
when it comes to that type of creativity , i simply do not have it .
i could do something that plays on my last name -lrb- funston -rrb- since it has the word fun in it , but i thought i would see if anybody else has any suggestions before i do that .
thanks again for everyones input and help .
i am very excited about ht portion of the build and i can not wait to get into the new house and enjoy the show .
i was asked to add a construction timeline with projected dates and actual dates , so here it is :
