welcome to cinema and brew .
welcome to my basement room which i call " cinema and brew " .
my room after a year of procrastination on the floor covering is finally ready for display .
the size of the room is 24 by 20 plus the bump out section at the stairs .
originally my plan for the room was to replace a non functional bar / counter that was in the room , and put a pool table in the room .
then i came across avs forum and decided this type of room would get much better usage of the space than a bar with a pool table .
when i purchased this house it had a wall of oak storage cabinets at which is now the back side of the theater .
it was those cabinets that determined stain color for the bar and trim work .
when i started this room other than the cabinets the non paneled walls were drywall with bright white paint .
the ceiling was exposed floor joist and with plumbing to the kitchen above so ceiling tile was really my only option .
flooring in the room was painted concrete with a patch of carpet at the bottom of the stairs .
lighting was a couple of harsh eight foot florescent ceiling fixtures attached to the floor joist .
the placement of the new oak bar in the room was determined by the existing plumbing of the old bar sink .
now i have warm inviting room that friends ask to come over watch ball games , have movie nights or just get together and have beverages and conversation .
all the work i have done myself , electrical , bar build , 100 " diy screen , ceiling tile , laminate floor , carpet tiles , etc , etc , etc. .
i had never attempted many of the skills required to complete this project prior to this build , so it was a learning experience .
for those of you on the fence if you can do a build by yourself , this room is proof that you can .
just take your time , plan it out and be patient .
you can do it .
you will make mistakes along the way , and the list of things you would do differently will become lengthy , as will the list of future enhancements .
the mistakes you make probably are only going to be noticed by you .
your guests will enjoy and be impressed by your accomplishments .
but most importantly is the satisfaction and enjoyment you will receive once you start using your room .
i want to thank everyone that in the past that have shared information here on these forums .
it has been those threads that have helped give me the tools , confidence and motivation to get my space to where it is today .
because of that , i have a responsibility to other readers of this forum to display my results so they may benefit from my build as i have from many others .
enjoy the pictures and some time at cinema and brew .
