the log cabin theater begins ! .
finally i 've made enough progress on the theater to start the thread .
this theater has been in planning for as long the house has , but of course the house had to come first !
i 'm not married / no kids , and the horses are perfectly happy for me to watch movies instead of riding them .
the dog likes movies .
so i can pretty much do what i want !
still , this is a theater on a budget .
i 'm going for a futuristic look .
i 'm not going for perfect , audio - philic sound , although i 'm certainly going to get as close as i can with what i have .
here 's the equipment list : - panasonic pt - ax200u projector - mac mini 1.8 ghz w / 2 tb storage for dvd rips and videos , and physical dvd 's , running leopard and osxbmc media player ( now called " plex " ) .
- dish hd vip622 dvr - kenwood 7.1 thx ultra receiver - athena 7.1 speaker system with active subwoofer - pronto pro color remote -8 black leather " argonaut " theater seats with buttshakers and cupholders - ( planned ) buttshaker amp ( update : purchased and installed ) - ( planned ) xbox 360 ( update : purchased and installed ) here 's a snapshot from a google sketch - up model i did of the theater : sketch-up.jpg here 's the reason why it 's called the log cabin theater : loghouse.jpg when i had the house built , i had them build the theater part of the basement with 10 - foot ceilings .
the dimensions of the room are 16 ' x24 ' x10 ' .
just outside are a half - bath and foyer area where the stairs come down .
the foyer will be turned into the concession stand / soda fountain , with a sliding pocket door ( using an automatic door slider called a doormate ) .
but first , the theater !
here 's a pic of the foundation before the house was built , so you can see where the outside entrance to the theater is : basementsidebefore.jpg and here 's a pic of the basement before anything was done to it , taken from the outside door and facing the screen wall : inside basement1.jpg and after the floor was poured : inside basement2.jpg i did n't get pictures right after the risers were built and carpet installed ( bad me ! )
but here 's a couple pictures with the seats in : here 's a pic of the projector image on the wall before the screen material was put up : and with the screen material hung and shadow - box framed in : the center speaker will be moved to dead - center as soon as i remove those two center posts in the framing so they do n't block the sound .
next step is to finish the shadowbox , and install the ceiling , which will be black armstrong ceiling panels on a black direct - mount frame ( mounts directly to the joists so you get an accessible ceiling but do n't lose 6 - 10 " like a traditional suspended ceiling .
then the columns ( blue acrylic trapezoids ) and their lights will be installed .
the wall panels will be 1 " thick rigid - foam rectangles covered with black and purple cloth .
i 'm doing almost all of this work myself with the help of a couple carpenter friends .
the electrical is being done by the electrician who did the house wiring ... no sense electrocuting myself or burning the place down !
so if , as i go along , you see anything i might do more efficiently or have any suggestions , please post !
more pics in about 10 days when i get home .
- equusz
