big e 's hockey haven construction thread .
well , after much anticipation , i finally managed to get my theater under way .
while i still dont know `` exactly '' what i will have in the end , i at least have a good idea , and sometimes that 's all that one needs .
i want a theater room in which i can enjoy my nhl center ice all winter long , and partially into summer , as well as movies -lrb- blu-ray now -rrb- , and then another room where we can sit and play cards and what ever else .
to get things started , the lady and i just moved into a newer -lrb- 16 yo . -rrb-
colonial , and the biggest gripe i have is the stairs right in the middle of the basement .
it limited me a bit , but in the end i will end up with 2 rooms .
one 20x15 -lrb- theater -rrb- and another 11x20 -lrb- card area/fridge -rrb- .
the rooms are split by support beams in the middle .
my construction ability is none , so i originally thought to just contract out the framing , electrical and drywall , and do the low voltage myself .
well , after months of reading , i convinced myself that i might be able to do this myself .
so the decision came , whats the easiest way for me to do this ?
and i ended up deciding to go with steel instead of wood .
i figure it is easier for me by myself to work with the steel and i can order it all at once , and not have to worry about anything warping if it lays around too long .
so , on good friday my shipment came , and i hauled everything down to the basement , and that was it , the rest of the weekend was shot .
i had a busy week last week , so i was not able to start until this past saturday .
both nervous and confused , i tried figuring out what i was about to do , and as soon as i hit the power hammer for the first time i was into it .
-- i guess i lied , i actually started thursday night last week because i just had to try the power hammer , i nailed down 2 runners and called it quits ... well , after the weekend , i look back and say i managed a bit more than i would have thought , but i have something now and i will take it from there .
as i go along , i have no idea what kind of pace i will have , but from the looks and sounds of it from reading , many folks move fairly slow .
it will be tough in the summer to get lots done , but i will do what i can and call it a day ... some before shots : the layout ... -lrb- i hate drawing -rrb-
