<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>My DIY Efforts, with more to come</Title>
		<Username>pjpoes</Username>
		<Datetime>08-16-08, 10:04 PM</Datetime>
		<Content>I've not posted my diy efforts before here, mostly in the DIY audio forum, but I figured I would start, and I have some more fun stuff to come. I don't have pictures of everything I have DIYed, but I will list everything here. I have a small sealed sub using a 12" dayton Reference 12 and 500 watt dayton amp. I have a slightly more impressive sub which consists of a one off TC Sounds 3000 driver (made from various parts they had before the "brand switch") which gives much lower Le (2.3mh) and a little bit lower fs and higher efficiency, but needing a slightly larger box. The driver is in a 5 cubic foot ported box tuned to 21hz. My front speakers are a temporary "test bed" design consisting of a 2.3 cubic foot sealed box, a 6" W-cone Focal Midbass, and Focal TC120tdx tweeter with my own crossover designs. My center is a Focal Electra CC900 center with my own crossover design and upgraded to standard TC90td5 tweeter. My surrounds are a DIY version of the M&K tripole using the buyout tweeters and enclosure, but different midbass drivers and again, my own crossover designs. For my hobby, I have amassed a small but usable set of testing tools. I have Speaker Workshop, ATC PC Pro, Behrenger Measurement Mic, B&K measurement mic (used off ebay, I'm not rich), Woofer Tester 3, S&L Speaker Tester, Tektronix digital storage oscilloscope, HP 8903B audio analyzer, and hyper dynamics SPL Mic for high spl measurements. It's modest but gives me a pretty wide range of measurement abilities. Can you tell I haven't found a speaker measurement suite I like yet. This is the overall room. It's a bit more finished now, that was taken right after I finished those speakers and still had quite a mess to clean up. This is the front speakers and one subwoofer running, measured using a sort of quasi-anechoic measurement method, close mic measurements below 300hz. This is my center channels modified crossover and modeled response. This is the old vs new response of the center. Excuse the 1/6th smoothing on the new response trace, I forgot to turn off the smoothing when I combined the close mic response with the 1m response, and it added excessive smoothing to the overall combination. None the less, you get the point, pretty good improvement in flattening out the response. This is the rear surround before I finished its assembly. You can just see the madisound sidewinder inductor in that picture. While not the best quality parts (I used surplus polypropylene caps), its much better quality than M&K originally used. Also the diaphragm was replaced with a new peerless diaphragm, which greatly improved the response measurements. This shows that rear surround finished along with the smaller ones I built mounted above them. No they aren't like that still, I was using the small ones until I finished the larger ones. The smaller ones now work as my 7th channel (ex surround). I can't find a picture of it finished, so here is an in progress picture of the power supply of one of my DIY amps. It's an LCL filtered supply using 22,000uf Hitachi capacitors for the C1 position, 11mh inductors, and 22mf for C2. The Hitachi caps have a 7milliohm esr. Power supply ripple is unmeasurable using the equipment I have with idle loads, and around 5 millivolts under a peak condition. The transformers are two 650va transformers with 45 volt secondaries. The amp is rated very conservatively at 150 watts per channel, but puts out over 200 watts into 8ohms at .1% distortion, and runs enough bias current to be Class A to over 20 watts. I'm also in the process of rebuilding that power supply into a different chassis so that I can use 66mf's per rail at C1 and at C2, use up some parts I have around. Here is the internals of the amplifier itself with C2 showing. Since that was taken I have added 220uf Elna Cerafines, 1uf Clarity Caps, and .1uf Clarity Caps for bypassing. I also upgraded the 100uf caps to elna cerafines I had around. Due to the ultra quiet power supply (Lower than any commercial amps other than the reference Mark Levenson, Krells top of the line, and Cello/Viola since they also use the same basic power supply topology as I have employed), I have distortion levels below .005% from as low as .1 watt to 100 watts, and rising slowly after that. S/N is so low that I pick up the shot noise of the active devices rather than power supply noise. I have numerous other minor projects, but this post is getting a bit much. As for whats to come, I recently put money down on 3 of Dr. Geddes Abbey 12 speakers to replace my fronts. There will be more to say about these later, but based on extensive scientific research conducted by Dr. Geddes and Dr. Lee, they have come up with various unique technologies and implementations which offer very low distortion, a very linear response, and great polar response. I decided I could not better Dr. Geddes work and decided to build his kits. I may do some refinements to the crossover if I don't feel his are as good as they could be, but he has far greater measurement abilities than me, and I know what he has put into optimizing these kits. The second big project is a subwoofer project. Inline with Dr. Geddes work on optimizing small room acoustics, especially with regard to low frequencies, I have decided to further optimize my bass response across a wider area by building 3 each of a Broad Band subwoofer and deep bass subwoofer. His work is very similar to the Harman work, and basically came to the same conclusion as Harmans researchers and numerous others, more sources improves the response throughout the room. The big difference was that he found better optimization was possible with 3 subwoofers in random locaitons, rather than 4 in the middle of walls. The subwoofers will be Bandpass designs since this method allows the reduction of distortion within the pass band. The first of these will be some small (Less than 1 cubic foot) Broad band designs with a response between roughly 50hz and 120hz using Dayton Reference 12" subwoofers. The max output will be roughly 115db's without any room gain. Additionally I will be developing some BB subs using 15" B&C pro drivers in slightly larger enclosures, capable of over 125db's from 50hz to 150hz, or so. For low bass I plan on building something using an 18" driver in a bandpass box with a response from 20hz to 50hz or so. Obviously lower is nice, but won't be my primary focus. While I can get a good price on B&C drivers for this, I am seriously looking at PA Subs drivers for their huge xmax and high efficiency, along with a very low Le, and strong BL curve. However they don't sell direct to consumers right now, so I'm awaiting a leftover test driver or some other scrap they are willing to send me.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
