<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="3">
		<Title>Additional Pics</Title>
		<Username>bos98</Username>
		<Datetime>06-28-08, 03:03 PM</Datetime>
		<Content>The Gruhin Family Theater I have been trolling AVS for a long time now and decided that since my theater project is nearing completion, I would post, letting everyone know that this site and the posts of other members has been a great inspiration to me during my first theater project. I will begin the story with details of how we came to own our current house. My fiance and I were living in an apartment complex which unfortunately burned to the ground due to faulty electrical wiring with the building. A few months in a hotel and some nice insurance money later we purchased our first home together. Built in 1953 it had a bit to be desired but the price was right and plenty of rooms! (5 bedrooms, 3 bath, a partially finished Basement and 2 car attached garage) It has always been my wish to have a Man Cave so to speak but... the fiance was not having it, she did not want a room in the home dedicated to beer drinking and my drunken buddies. So we came to a compromise, a family theater/game room, and I could design it however I wanted within reason, without any remodeling & my modest budget of around $6,000. I set off on a quest to get the most bang for my buck and to make the room as clean and clutter free as possible when finished. I was not so great about documenting my build as I was just trying to get it done within an acceptable WAF time frame. Things Still to Change: Carpet needs to be changed Asbestos Acoustic Ceiling Tiles....I could leave them and they are not hurting anyone but I just don't like them being there Riser for sofa, and 2 more matched recliners for another row of seating Perhaps a small stage under the screen Equipment Used: Epson Cinemalite 720p Yamaha YSP-900 & matched Yamaha Sub Lutron IR Dimmers Logitech Harmony 550 Remote ATLONA 4 Port Component Video Switch w/ IR Learning Sony DSS Modulator/IR Sender over Coax (used for IR only) SA8300HDC HD PVR Cable Box Nintendo Wii Belkin PureAV Battery Backup/Line Conditioner Custom HTPC Runing Vista Ultimate (I know but it works) All Cables from Monoprice.com Items In Rack Not Specifically Theater Related: Netgear FS726TP POE 24 port Smart Switch with GB Cobalt Raq3i converted to IPcop Firewall/Router Linksys wrt54g running DD-WRT with Panel Antenna in garage Dell Dimension running Trixbox for whole home VOIP System (Phone on wall in some pics is an Aastra 480i, which are deployed througout the house using POE) Rest Of Home AV Equipment: 3 x Vizio VX32L 32" 720p LCDs 1 x Vizio VO47LF 47" 1080p LCD 1 x Hanns-G 22" LCD Monitor with HDMI in for Kitchen TV 4 x Linksys DMA-2100 MCE Extenders 1 x Xbox 360 (Used only as MCE Extender/DVD player) (One of the VX32L sets is hooked up to cable only for Clear QAM) HTPC: Core 2 Duo e6400 4GB Ram Nvidia 8600GT Lite-On BD-Drive 3x250 GB Drives for Boot, Programs 1x500 GB Drive Recorded TV 2TB (4x750) GB Raid 5 Storage 2x AVC-3610 Dual Analog USB Tuners, 4 Analog Tuners 2x SiliconDust HDHomeruns, 4 HD Tuners Intel 1000MT NIC for GB Games: Ms. Pacman (Saved from our apartment fire, needs some TLC now, the glass cracked in the heat but it still works!) Family Guy Pinball NEW!! (My 1975 Williams Grand Prix pinball machine did not survive the fire....Hooray Insurance!) Now on to the pics These first 2 pics were actually taken when we looked at the house with our Real Estate Agent, who is pictured in one of the photos This next image is just after I had painted most of the room to get rid of the White walls and the new theater sofa was delivered. I would have loved Berklines however budget dictated I look outside the box and found this gem at Value City Furniture, with ottoman and delivered for $999.00, 4 cup holders storage bins between end recliners and a storage ottoman. Even my dog Shadow loves it! Below is a photo of "The Brains of the House", I am a network guy at heart so my theater project is really a mix of Whole Home Networking and Home Theater. I knew I wanted to watch my movies in any room of the house and I also know I am as lazy as the next guy when it comes to loading the DVD player. So Vista with Media Center seemed like a good fit and the extenders on ebay are pretty cheap at about $200 each. I spent a lot of time ripping the movies I had which survived the fire and rebuilding my collection, but I am happy to say I have about 800 movies stored on my main HTPC and can watch them in any room of the house. My equipment makes a lot of noise not really being designed for a quiet theater environment but I luckily had space under the steps next to my theater room in which to install everything! The rest of the pics are pretty much just the room as it is today. I will call it 90% completed at this point. I still have some painting to touch up but nothing major. I have the candy stand pretty much stocked and ready for movie night. Early Pics of the room Paneling Removed to Pull Wire Game Area More Movie Posters and New Light Fixtures Candy Stand & Some Movie Posters Lots of Benjamin Moore Eggshell Black Paint.... Lutron IR Dimmer Picture coming down the stairs I hope you enjoy my pics and if you have any questions or comments I would love to hear them! Thank You AVS!</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
