<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>Looking for some advice from the Veteran HTPC folks on a new machine</Title>
		<Username>Chalupacabra</Username>
		<Datetime>04-13-08, 03:50 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>My previous computer having died months prior, I recently began work on a replacement. I?m hoping that some of you could lend your experience and knowledge to help me get it up and running. I?ll try to be as thorough as possible. My uses for the previous computer were: -Viewing of video files -Encoding CDs into Lossless and playing back via iTunes -Ripping and storage of DVDs via DVD Decryptor -Playback of DVDs and stored DVDs -Using Microsoft Office and other apps to work at home and prepare teaching materials -Occasional playing of games (mostly City of Heroes) Things I would like the new computer to be able to do as well: -Playback of Blu Ray and HD DVD (yes, despite its recent demise) -Ripping and Storage of Blu Ray and HD DVDs -Decoding of Dolby TrueHD and DTS-HD MA for Blu Ray and HD DVD playback -Improved Graphics for games (most of which are 5+ years old) -Quick and dependable use for office applications such as Power Point and Photoshop -Quiet enough to not be distracting -Easy to use -Compatible with the Logitech Harmony Series Remotes (to make it easier to use) Despite the note about playing games, I am NOT interested in building a gaming PC. I want to put something together that will fit in with my other home theater equipment and be unobtrusive visually and aurally, so an HTPC is the goal here. It will be used with a Panasonic TH-AE500 Projector (same as PT-L500U, but includes a D4 input in addition to the inputs on the US model) with the audio being sent to both a Denon AVC-1920 Receiver for movie playback and a Rotel RSP 985 Processor amped through a Hafler P3000 Stereo Amplifier for stereo music playback. The hardware has been pretty simple to figure out. The system thus far is a Q6600 Core 2 Duo Quad Core Processor on a Biostar GF 7050V-M7 Motherboard with 1 stick of 2GB memory. For audio I have installed an Onkyo SE200PCI, which is phenomenal for audio playback and does 7.1 analog audio out, so if I can get Dolby TrueHD and DTS-HD MA decoding on the HTPC itself, then I can output it to the Denon through the pre inputs on the receiver. The optical drive I am using is the LG GGW-H20N Blu-Ray/HD DVD Drive (same as US GGW-H20L). I ran the advisor after installing and it verified what I had expected, that the onboard video on the motherboard wouldn?t be capable of Blu Ray and HD DVD playback. I had been intending to pick up a Sapphire HD 3870 Ultimate, but may opt for the Gigabyte GV-RX387512H Radeon HD 3870 instead, depending on availability of the Sapphire card and the loudness of the Gigabyte card. I also plan on replacing my current wireless mouse and keyboard with an Apple Wireless Keyboard and Logitech V470 Bluetooth Mouse. I would also like to change my basic case that I am using for now with an Antec Fusion 430 Case and replacing the current system disc with either one or two (striped) Western Digital Raptor 74GB drives. I?ll also be adding another 2 gig stick and possibly swapping out the motherboard for something that doesn?t require a PCI card for gigabit Ethernet (allowing a Tuner card)?I haven?t decided yet. I think I?ve got a pretty good handle on the hardware side of things, but I?m finding myself a bit perplexed on the software side. To begin with, I?m really not sure what OS this thing should be running. I am currently using Windows XP, but am considering purchasing MCE based on things I have read here. I am also curious about Vista, but not all of the hardware I have and its accompanying software and drivers is Vista compatible, plus there are other concerns I have regarding that OS. It sounds like MCE has gotten pretty solid though, and I?m interested. Is it an easier to use interface than XP? I had been worried about iTunes, but MCETunes takes care of that hiccup, right? The issue of Blu Ray and HD DVD playback and usage is also a matter of concern. I prefer storing my media on attached storage for convenience and damage-prevention purposes, and from what I?ve seen AnyDVD HD will allow me to do that with Blu Ray and HD DVD discs. Are there any other or preferable options? Is DVD Decryptor still a viable option for DVDs? Once I remove the region coding (my film collection is multi-region), can I pull all 3 formats into MyMovies? Is there a better option for organizing store discs at this point? Also, once the discs have been ripped, what?s the best option for playback? My drive came with Cyberlink PowerDVD, and from what I?ve read it seems to cover Dolby TrueHD and DTS-HD MA decoding and handle most of what?s out there, but I?ve read a lot of threads here full of complaints about the software. Is there a better option? Any advice you can give will be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance! -Rik</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
