<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="3">
		<Title>The Old Dungeon.......Done</Title>
		<Username>Old</Username>
		<Datetime>06-20-08, 11:21 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>Hi all, Been checking out this forum for about ? year now and wanted to join in on the fun of posting my basement / theater build. Ofcourse you all here have some serious skills and have created some masterpieces. But what impressed me the most about your builds here, is how clean you keep your basements or area during the build. I actually bought most of the 2x4?s, DW, OSB, etc prior to starting (big mistake), so it took up a lot of room. So I got junk everywhere. You?ll have to excuse all the junk in the pics. I?m a pretty handy guy, did a lot of construction work back in HS/college and after until I landed a career job. I?m a total noob to AV stuff and acoustical sound treatments, etc. Never knew a room needed to be treated until I came here and read all the good information. My last ?home theater? was when I was in HS, living at my parents, my bros and I bought a 36? or 37? tube TV (was considered big at the time), with a Sony hometheater in the box 5.1 system. We set it all up in their basement. We thought it rocked. My buddies back in HS/college all called it the Dungeon. It was an older house, low ceiling basement, concrete floors, had that mildewy smell to it. But it was a good place where we all hung out to pre-game, etc. Anyway, Did a lot of reading here, learned a lot, so I thought I would share my build. We moved into a brand new home about 1 year ago. The size of the basement is about 1500 Sqft. Plans are to: Add 1 guest bedroom / fitness room, 1 full bath, 2 storage closets, bar, open space theater/family room and fireplace/tv room. Here is a rough layout. (very rough) The theater room will be open, so you can see it from the bar. I like to have my buddies over for drinks and games and sports watching so I wanted the open look. Probably not good for acoustics, but that?s ok. For theater equipment I will have: 106? 16:9 Elite CinemaTension2 screen (on order) Denon 4308 PS3 And either the Panasonic AE2000 or Epson 1080UB I have Rocket Speakers and MWF 15 sub. I started this build Aug. 2007. I wanted to finish by June 2008, but that?s not going to happen. I try not to overextend myself (hey, I?m Old! )so I don?t get completely frustrated with this and drop it all. Since then, wife got pregnant (# 2 on the way), due in Oct. this year. She quit her teaching job, and will be cutting off the funds the end of this summer, so I need to be done by the end of Aug. it's crunch time! Anyhow, on with the build. Hard to imagine, but this was my house a little over a year ago. I?m building room by room. Starting with Bathroom, Guest room, then area where shuffle board will be, then Fireplace area, then theater area, then Bar area. Must be done in that order, so no temptation. Bathroom, needs to be completely finished before moving on, then guest bedroom. All the other areas will be completed to drywall, then move on to the next room, will do the mud/tape, sand when all DW is up in the whole basement. I will do DD and GG all ceiling. Also will DD/GG all the walls in the theater room and wall that touches the guest bedroom and stairs. Will have R19 stuffed in the joist, then 1 layer of 30lb roof felt, then. So far I have bought 7 cases of GG, most recently from the soundproofing company. Nice folks. Actually, for the ceiling instead of DD, I did 7/16th? OSB, and than ?? DW. I hear the OSB is equivalent to ?? DW in weight / mass. I regret doing this, as OSB is much harder to work with, but at the time OSB was less than ? cost of DW and I wasn?t thinking. So, don?t copy this part. PIA. Also, no Clips or any necessary sound isolation steps, as I did not know about that prior to finishing framing and some DW. So too late for that. I just found out about GG not too long ago so I ordered that prior to putting up the 2nd layer of DW. Also use acoustical caulk to seal the gaps around the outlets, edges of the walls, etc. Got this from the soundproof company as well. We do have Dual Zone HVAC, so sounds from HVAC will not reach bedroom floor. I wrapped duct insulation wrap around the vents anyway. I don?t mind some sound escaping though, just don?t want it all to escape. Anyhow, so I don?t bore you with the details of the bathroom or bedroom, here are just a few finished pics: Shower has dual jets. I love these btw. It?s like getting massage when they?re on. I need to redo my master bedroom showers to add these! Ok, moving on. Here is the room where the shuffle board will be. Added 2 huge closets. It?s actually 1 big closet with 2 sets of double doors. 3rd door is for the water pipe. And some storage space. 4 zone lighting in this room. One is for stairs, one is for when the main basement light is turned on, this will rarely be used, 1 for shuffle board, when in use, and one for that room. Understairs will also be a storage closet. Can?t have too much storage. Fireplace TV room. I bought a 36? natural gas FP. Bought some CSST and ran the lines from the manifold to the FP. Had the pros do the connection, as you need to be trained and certified to do this. After watching the guy hook it up, it didn?t see hard at all, but better to not play with gas yah know. Called up a guy to give me a quote on cutting a hole through the poured concrete for the exhaust and he wanted $200. that sound reasonable to me, but instead I decided to do it myself. I bought a cheap concrete drill from harbor freight tools. There is one near my house and I never buy tools from there, except for the use it one time only type tools. This thing drilled through 8? poured concrete like nothing! Amazing. That is one of 2 tools that I purchased for the basement build. Drilled a bunch of holes and pounded it out. I used my old air hammer/chisel to clean it up and it broke about 1/2 the way through! Argghhh. Oh well, it?s about 10 yrs old anyway. Good thing this new drill has a chisel feature, so I used that. FP is in, tested it, it works, fan blows serious heat, etc, all is good. Ran some 14-2 inwall speaker wires for future inwall speakers, for 5.1 system in the future. Also ran 2 component, 2 HDMI, Cat5?s and RG6 as well. You never know. It will be many years before I actually have a flat screen in this room, but just thinking ahead. This room will also have a ceiling fan.. Now, the theater room. I added a bulk head to one side to mirror the other side that houses the HVAC trunk. But in this one, will hide a 3? conduit pipe that will go to the projector. I have a built in projector housing, instead of using a mount. Figure it?s easier this way. Will use a Panamax inwall outlet surge thingy. Btw, All Can lights in the basement are IC Air Tight. 4 - 6? cans in this room and 6 - 4? cans. I put 2 4? can in each left/right soffit and 2 up front to aim at the screen wall. 5 zone lighting in this room. 1 for main ceiling lights. 1 for screen wall lights 1 for soffit lights 1 is hooked up to the outlets in the soffit for future star ceiling 1 is hooked up to out let on screen wall incase I run some light back there. The curved soffit will have veneer stone on it as well. This soffit is to hide the tension screen housing behind it. It also hides a 2? conduit that runs to the bar TV. I will also put base traps on this screen wall. Only about 2? wide and 6? thick, from stage floor to ceiling on each left/right side. I have purchased 3 cases of 1? 2x4? OC703 for the wall treatments for the rest of this room. The wall will be covered in GOM fabric. Purchased the 703 from a Bryan Pape of Sensible Sound Solutions, good guy, very knowledgable. This room is wired with 12-2 inwall speaker for 8.2 setup, if there ever will be such a thing. I also included various speaker/sub outlets in various locations just incase I want to put something somewhere or hook up future butt shakers, etc. I would like to do star ceiling panels one day, so I wired a couple outlets in the projector housing soffit. These are the columns, I will put stone veneer on the columns. The back ones will hide a set of Dipoles I have. Here is a small stage. I filled with sand and put double OSB and routed the edge round. The two closets to the left/right measure about 24? x 26?. The one on left will house the AV and the right is to mirror the look. Will probably house various equipment, boxes, etc. I plan to build stone veneer doors to complete the ?dungeon? look in this room. The equipment closet has a bathroom exhaust fan that will exhaust air on the side where the screen is. I bought the cheapest quiet one I could find. It will be triggered by an temp guage I bought from HD. I want to thank China Dog for posting a link to this. No raised back seating or anything as my wife is totally against that. She wants a more versatile room, so she wins. I may build like a mini bar that will have 3 bar stools. This will be behind the main seating and should add more seating room. This is where I?m at for now. I am finished drywalling this room, so now I will move on to the bar / pool table area. 4 zone lighting in this room. 1 for pool table 1 for main area 1 for bar 1 for Dart board. Here are my bar/kitchen cabs. I will be replacing the wall cabinet with glass doors I got about 2months to be completed, so wish me luck Old</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
