<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="3">
		<Title>The ?Yet Another Theater 1.0? Theater</Title>
		<Username>cheapmonkey</Username>
		<Datetime>03-30-08, 08:36 PM</Datetime>
		<Content>Background I guess I?ll update the name when I think of a good one ? snowkarver?s ?Theater for Hobbits? is an appropriate description for mine. Anyway, you?ve seen my kind around here before ? the checklist: -Long time lurker on the message boards. Check. -Admirer of what awesome work everybody has done. Check. -Details have consumed me for weeks. Check. -Resident of Northern Virginia. Check. -Hopes to learn from the experience so I can actually post intelligent replies to other members? posts. Check! Now that those details are out of the way ? here?s my scenario. I live in a townhouse in a pretty quiet neighborhood with neighbors on both sides. The community was built in the 40s, but renovated and converted to condos in the 70s. My basement was finished ala seventies paneling, clearly not to theater standards. SO, I spent the past couple of weekends demolishing in preparation for my ?Theater 1.0.? Layout ? I?m surrounded by cinder blocks! To the left, along the stairs, the paneling was affixed to 1? furring strips, which are attached directly to the cinder block. Obviously not ideal for soundproofing, but it is what it is? The front wall has two windows with studs set approximately 2.5 inches from the cinder block. There is a 1? x 1? soffit along this wall containing ductwork. The right wall has ~6.5? of open space between the studs and the cinder block. This wall also has a soffit, which feeds into the duct at the front. The back wall has a door to enter a storage area; the rest of the wall is again attached directly to furring strips on the cinder block. There is no door between the basement and first floor and the stairs kind of open into the room to make it less claustrophobic. Overall not ideal conditions, but it is what it is and the room will have to do for 1.0. The rendering I did below shows the scene (the screen seems so gigantic because of the ?fisheye? perspective to get it all in and the crazy pattern on the floor is to help me estimate lighting). I had 3 contractors out to take a look, but none really seemed to understand what I was going for (although the latest guy offered up ?resilient channels?). Their responses gave me the excuse to take the approach I wanted to do in the first place ? DIY! The plan ? Ideally, my screen would have been on the back wall to give me more of a throw distance and to allow more space between the screen and the seats. This was the original plan, but the door on the back wall really seemed to make everything way off center (and it only left a 92? wall). With the current layout, I?m sitting about 10-11? from the screen and my throw distance is only ~11?. I am planning to go with ?? double drywall w/ Green Glue on all walls in this room. The left, right, and front walls will be insulated using R13 or R19. The ceiling will just be a single layer of drywall since the ceiling height is only 6?8?without drywall. For lighting, I have pretty much decided on six 4?cans in the main room and one 4? can at the entry, all dimmable. I?m also considering rope lighting on a different dimmer to add to the effect. I will have 7.1, 1080p with ~100? (depending on PJ) DIY screen, although I?m considering Carada. A DIY equipment rack will be in the back of the room (top left of first drawing). Coax, Cat6, and one outlet of a dedicated ?theater circuit? run to that location. From the rack, I am running component, coax, and IR extenders to two other locations in the house ? a bedroom and a living room. Also, I?m running HDMI, CAT5, component, and a SEPARATE conduit (thanks BritInVA) to the PJ as well as IR to the front of the room. The PJ will be powered by a DIY ?Powerbridge? from the rack UPS as described in the countless threads spread around here. That?s pretty much it for the initial post. I will save my questions for now, but figured I might as well throw my hat into the ring to announce my presence. Thanks for reading and a big thanks to the Northern Virginia guys for providing the extra motivation last week at B. Mackrell?s theater! Chris</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
