<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="3">
		<Title>Long Island Theater</Title>
		<Username>LongIslandMike</Username>
		<Datetime>08-25-08, 12:07 PM</Datetime>
		<Content>Hello fellow AVSrs!! Yet again this site has encouraged and inspired another dummy to try to create a dedicated theater in their home. I want to thank Rob (rsprance) and Scott (W00lly) as well as everyone on this site for their continued help. Brainstorming started out with figuring where I could put this. I purchased a Cape last year and the fiance and I are getting married next July. As she would like to have kids as soon as we are married, this does not allow me much space within the home. So I have decided to convert the garage (only option) . When I convinced my finace to let me do this she really was concerned how it would look. Blah blah blah. So I let her look at all the dedicated builds here and she fell in love with the Arthouse. Basically the conversation went pretty much like this... Me- "So I would like to do .....", Wife- "It better look like his!". So without trying to be a complete copy cat I did use alot of Rob's treatments and color scheme. Sorry Rob, but the wife put the foot down, haha! However when brainstorming began I really thought I was going with a 16:9 screen. That was until I looked at Scott's "Copper Fields Cinema". His use of a 12' AT 2.35 screen was exactly what I wanted. So both of these designs definitely inspired me and showed me that I could definitely do this in the room size that I have. Enough rambling, here are some specs... Room size: 19?6? x 11?4" x 8ft h Extension size: 5' x 11'4" x 8'ft h Converted Garage 1st Row: 11.5 ft (approx) 2nd Row: 16.5 ft on 12" riser (approx) Planned equipment: Panasonic AE2000U Axiom speakers (3) M50?s, (4) Qs4s - 7.2S Axiom subs (still undecided) Yamaha RX-V663 (possibly will upgrade) Belkin PF60 Playstation 3 DirecTV HD Reciever Berkline 088 seating, 2 rows (3 and 3) 120?w SMX AT Proline screen Here are some renderings I have been working on: A few things to note: ? Viewing distance to the first row is approx 11.5 feet, 16.5 feet for the 2nd row. This might not be ideal, but we'll see how close I am. ? The current design is set up for a 120?W screen. I am not sure if this will be too big and may go with a 110?W instead. I designed everything based on this size and will test with the projector before ordering the screen. If a smaller screen is needed it will then fit with no problem. ? Some renderings show the speakers behind the screen. I am looking to build the majority of the stage at 2'. ? I am planning to stop the soffit on the left and right of the projector so that the projector can be nearly butted against the back wall ? The fabric panels will be GOM with 1" OC703 and the wood panels will be most likely birch plywood. ? The rear door in the render will likely be a pocket door, and the door on the side wall can not be moved. The open wall in the pics has no doors or windows. ? Planning on a Lutron light controller for the soffit downlights and wall sconces. ? I plan on building a GOM fabriced black frame to cover the speakers and all of the screen wall. ? The equipment cabinet is recessed into an extension built onto the back of the garage. My mind is currently mush! I am done for now, but I will keep a complete photo log of all progress. I appreciate all the help this forum has offered and I am sure will continue to offer in the future. This will not be a fast build, with a wedding next year my money is a little tied up. I will do most of the work myself with little family help. So bare with me and I will update with beginning photos soon. Thanks again everyone, now you can go to town on the design.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
