<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="3">
		<Title>Saratoga Theater Project</Title>
		<Username>distoga</Username>
		<Datetime>02-29-08, 03:17 PM</Datetime>
		<Content>I probably should call this the Cement Bunker/Bomb Shelter Theater... (See pictures below) Summer is just about here and the idea of being outside cutting isn't as dreadful now that the snow is about gone. I had a home built last year and moved in mid-September. My first project (second if you consider the yard but that's not as exciting) is the building of a theater. I did the suspended slab garage thing so I could have a room under the garage (since in Utah most people have basements and I thought it was a cheap way of getting extra space and having a sound-proof theater). I did some searching for a bit and was surprised that I didn't find anyone on here yet who's had this type of room to start with (all surfaces cement). I've spent about 20 hours reading on acoustical design so far and I feel overwhelmed of course but I'm still really confused on how the cement will interact with what I'd like to do, escpecially because the cement roof is sloped and can't be nailed into. The lower section of my theater really makes it difficult to know how to handle acoustics and just design to cover visible cement footers that the garage sits on (see pictures). I really like the look of crimson colored curtains around a theater with some columns to break the long stretches of curtains up. The curtains will remove some mid and highs but do nothing for bass so I'm considering putting bass traps at the back ceiling (angled) and at the bottom, top, or sides of the front wall (if this is a good idea). I'm also hoping to treat reflections and flutter (flutter in the room lasts close to 5 seconds!) using treatments behind the curtains. Some very interesting things about this project are going to be: How to treat acoustics with all surfaces starting as 8"-12" thick cement? * The room has a flutter of 5 seconds. If I want curtains around the sides of the theater what are pros and cons * Do I build wood walls and drywall. * Do I angle the walls in the front half of the theater (since the footers stick out and that space is wasted) * Do I build 1' tall (or taller) shelfs to cover the footers and what, if any, treatment do they get * What fabrics or backing on or behind fabric will be needed for proper reflections, absorption, diffusion and dispersion. * How to make bass traps that work well but fit into the design and don't take up much space. How do you finish a ceiling that you can't nail into? * Glue drywall directly to it, if I keep lights on the walls? * Acoustic panels? * Stucco it (or similar) so it's partially reflective but not as much as 2' near solid cement. How do you keep temperature regulated well? * I have no idea if the room will need to be heated, cooled, both, or how much. Where do speakers need to be located? * I'd like a large screen (around 150") and I'm not sure if I'll need perforated to put speakers behind or not. I currently have a 121" screen lit by a m20x projector but the screen isn't as large as I'd probably want (and the project will be replaced). * locations of speakers for 7.1 (do I mount them in or on the columns, behind curtains, what height (depending on ceiling treatments?) Floor treatments * The room may flood but I like soft floors, dricore, commercial carpet, ... Like most people I have decently tight budget, I plan to be a little creative and use the money where it's really needed. Some pro's of the project: * Equipment room is on the other side of stage right cement wall and there are holes to get cables and HVAC to the room. * Noise escaping isn't any concern (except by the stairs but some leak is okay) * Cement riser done (I just hope it's a good height and a good location) Some con's of the project: * Riser is cement and isn't moving * Ugly footers stick out in lowered section (long story about the lowered floor but in short the room was to be 10" tall, one level but the builder and architect didn't communicate correctly and to avoid having a 35 degree sloped driveway I lost the 10' ceiling and the front area was lowered as much as possible) * Ceiling slopes 3" towards the front (maybe this is good? it does make the room look larger because of forced perspective) * Water leaking into parts of the room are probable. I've attached some photos of the room before and a couple ideas of what I'm going for in design. I'd like a theater'ish feel. My vision is quite poor and I enjoy a large screen that's fills most of your vision. I hope the construction part to be done in 2 months and all complete around June. Looking into the room while standing on stairs. The cement footers are visible and I'm not sure how high to build boxes to cover them... 3" high to be flush with the rest of the floor, 1" to make a statement, or 2'3-' to make a shelf? I'm not sure what is the best for aesthetics and acoustics. (below) Picture from center back of room. I have no idea what kind of treatment to do on the front wall. As much as I'd like speakers behind the screen, I'm not sure if I should with my room size. I don't know if I'll fix the screen on the cement, put acoustic board on the entire wall and mount the screen on the acoustic board, put the screen a few inches away (board or no board behind?) (below) Looking towards back stage right of room. I'm not sure if the curtains go up the sides of the stairs or what else to do with the stairs... Do they need to have any acoustic treatment? The stairs aren't very wide and I'd hate to lose any more space. The framed wall will side outside and I'm hoping I can use curtains with no wall behind so I don't lose any more space. (below) Looking into opening of room from basement (the shelves on the left of the opening will be where the equipment gets put. The opening there is going to be interesting to frame... (below) My original design (below) Left because it has critical room measurements on it. I'm not sure if that's enough light either. Modecalc... (below) I have no idea if this is good or bad yet. First sketch of curtains and light locations (below) I'd like to get a large 16:9 and use blackout curtains (manual height adjustments) to get anamorphic viewing if that's a good idea. Google Sketchup, top view of room. (below) I wonder if the different size footers sticking out will look bad. My other choice is box them out the same and lose some floor space. I also need to find out if the side columns are a good location to include speakers inside of. I also don't know how to get the rear speakers located and centered since the columns are offset. Maybe one of the rear speakers gets mounted outside of the column, but is that going to look bad? I also have no idea where bass traps need to be located, back ceiling of the room, corners inside the columns (and do I make the columns hollow and cover with fabric. I hope the curtains allow me to test and hide acoustic (uncovered) fiberglass since this is my first theater and I may not get it right the first time. If I can adjust things behind the curtains that could save me a lot of frustration, but I don't know if that can work. Google sketchup, side view of room (below) I wonder if doing curtains this will way hide or make the fast that the ceiling slopes more noticeable. I'm slightly worried about the rear vision height interference, hopefully I can put the screen up higher but I worry it may get too close to the ceiling... How far away should a screen be from a ceiling? I need to find the pro's and cons of putting the center channel above or below the screen. Also I don't know if the columns should go all the way to the ceiling, if I should place a decorative header in front of the curtains tops (covering the bar) and if the header should touch the ceiling or not. I also am going to need a great idea of how to do the front area around the screen... :/ Also, all the grey is concrete, I have no idea which or all of needs to be treated and with what.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
