<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>Official TW4000 Owners Thread!</Title>
		<Username>peteer01</Username>
		<Datetime>11-28-08, 02:23 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>The title is half in jest, as I don't expect to see to many other people in Japan purchasing EH-TW4000 projector and frequenting the (English language) AVS Forums, but I thought I'd post my thoughts on my new TW4000, as it showed up today! First off, anyone who's reading a lot in this forum over the last few months probably already knows that I'm a gamer, first and foremost. I have my HD DVD collection (both an A2 and Xbox 360) and the RD-X7, but the bulk of my game hours come from gaming, and I wouldn't even know how to get a projector professionally calibrated in this country. (I do own DVE on HD DVD, but I also know what my eyes like) After some image lag tests, Transformers on HD DVD and some gaming, here's my quick first impressions: Pros: Sharp. Great blacks. Fantastic picture out of the box. (It's defaults are set to low lamp, which is great for my size screen, and Cinema 1, which looks great.) Going from a Z3 to a TW4000, it's way too big of an improvement for me to get into any nitty gritty stuff. Everything is fantastic so far. (The convergence and uniformity are also really good based on what I've seen so far, but I'll check them out closer tonight.) Very quiet. (Again, at the default low lamp setting, I haven't tried "high") English remote (No Japanese on it at all...unlike the menus) Very pretty. I wasn't a fan of the 1080UB/TW2000 design, while I did like the AE2000's look...seeing the TW3000 in white, I wasn't sure how much I'd like the look of the TW4000, but it looks very sleek. Cons: Frame creation is enabled by default, even on the VGA input. (I agree it looks very unnatural at times, even on low, and it also causes input lag) After Transformers was over, the judder on the credits was obvious, so I tried the frame creation. High and normal made them look extremely fluid...it's a shame that it also tries to "frame create" moving stubble with horrible results on moving closeups and adds a tangible amount of audio lag. The settings are only Japanese, you can't set them to English. (As is Panasonic, but my Sanyo Z3 allowed me to set the menus to English.) Big. (Okay, not really a con as I have space for it, but it's so much bigger than my Z3. Even though I've seen the TW3000 a half dozen times store settings, and measured to make sure it would fit, just how big this projector is was mildly surprising when I set it up in the same place the TW4000 used to be. Honestly, after seeing JVC's HD750 on display at CEATEC, I was stoked about what a new projector would do to my room, but after seeing the TW3000 on display a few times, I was somewhat concerned with how good the TW4000 would look. (The HD750 was in a pure black room with black velvet and black leather seats...the TW3000 was on display at a BicCamera that would be more similar to the issues I'd have in my room with it's off white walls.) I was impressed with the AE2000, but unimpressed with the recent organic panel 1080p projectors...and this projector is definitely a signficant step up from the AE2000. I'm not about to say anything crazy about this being in the same league as the HD750, but for my less than ideal setup, I can't imagine a projector doing a noticably better job...and I'm expecting the projector to last longer on it's shelf than the 5-year extended warranty I got for it. Anyway, those are some quick thoughts before I head out to dinner with my wife, and come back for some gaming later, but I thought I'd ask if anyone else in Japan is getting a TW4000, and see if any of you (who might be interested in the 6500) have any more specific questions I might be able to reply to.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
