<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="3">
		<Title>Linacoustic above the chair rail? I'm about to put fabric above my chair rail, help!</Title>
		<Username>Anthony1</Username>
		<Datetime>04-10-08, 02:24 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>So far, this is what I've done for acoustical treatments in my room. 1. Screen Wall: I have linacoustic surrounding my screen area. I'm actually using Behr Ultra Pure White paint on a smooth wall as my screen, so I coudn't put linacoustic "everywhere" on my screen wall, but I did put it everywhere on the screen wall that wasn't occupied by the screen. 2. Front Corners: I did the oc703 Superchunk method. 3. Bottom 4 feet of side walls: I have linacoustic on the bottom 4 feet of both side walls. 4. Back corners: I'm working on this later. Ok, so that's what I've got for acoustical treatments so far. Now, I'm about to put fabric on the walls, above my chair rail. So, I have to make some last second decisions about whether I should use any linacoustic at all above the chair rail. Here is a bit of information. The furring strip 1/4 inch above the carpet is 2 inches wide. My linacoustic is 47 inches. The chair rail furring strip right above the linacoustic is 2 inches wide. So, the top of my chair rail is at 51 inches off the ground. If I put any linacoustic above my chair rail, it will start there. Now, I've heard conflicting reports about using linacoustic above the typical 4 foot mark. Most of the acoustical experts say that using linacoustic above 4 feet is unnecessary, and can even deaden the room much more than you'd want to. I've also heard a few people say that they used linacoustic from floor to ceiling, all along their side walls to good results. I've heard some people saying that "deadening" a room for 2 channel music listening is "horrible" but deading a room for 5.1, 7.1 whatever, isn't such a blasphemous idea. I'm not interested in totally deading my room, and I'm not going to be using linacoustic from floor to ceiling on my side walls. However, I'm willing to use it in a few spots, if it might be beneficial to me. Here is where I'm thinking of using it above the chair rail: 1. Very close to the corners: Somebody suggested that people "should" use linacoustic floor to ceiling, in a 2 foot width, right by the corners. The idea being that 1 inch of linacoustic isn't very effective as a bass trap, but every little bit helps. I've already got superchunk oc703's in my front corners, but I could put 2 feet of linacoustic (width), right next to my superchunks, above the chair rail. I could also put 2 feet of linacoustic (width) right by the back corners. 2. account for the riser: I've heard that if your riser is 12 inches off the ground, then you need to extend the linacoustic another 12 inches up, to account for the riser. I'm guessing that you would try to determine the point of first relections for the seating locations in the second row, and then put as many inches of linacoustic above the chair rail, as the height of the riser. In my case, that would be 13 inches. 3. side surrounds: I haven't heard anybody mention this, but I would think, if you're going to have these side surround speakers, mere inches away from your side wall, that you would want linacoustic behind them. Right? Doesn't sound from the side surrounds reflect off the wall right behind the side surrounds? I was thinking of having 1 feet of linacoustic in every direction, right behind my side surrounds. 4. point of first reflections for primary seating location: I think somebody mentioned that at the point of first reflections, for the "sweet spot" in terms of where the primary guy is sitting, having linacoustic floor to ceiling in those exact locations might be a good thing. Now, maybe you don't necessarily need to go floor to ceiling with it, but maybe another foot of it above the chair rail, right at the point of first reflections would be a good thing...? Maybe not, I don't know. I did the mirror trick, and some of my first reflections are pretty high up on the wall. At the 38 inch mark. Yeah, the 38 inch mark is below the chair rail, and already treated with linacoustic, but I'm guessing the radius of the actual reflection is pretty large, and part of the radius even extends upward beyond the 4 foot line. I guess the whole idea with putting linacoustic all along the side walls, 4 feet up, is that your ear level is slightly below that, and the linacoustic will absorb alot of those first reflections at ear level, and that's all you need to worry about. But what about the reflections that happen above ear level? Do any of those reflections bounce back to us? Sorry if all of this sounds really dumb, and if I'm totally off base with any of this, but I'm just about to put the fabric up, above my chair rail level, and I just want to make sure whether I should use any linacoustic above the chair rail, before putting my fabric up, cause then it would be too late.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
