<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="3">
		<Title>Kosmocgy's home theatre build</Title>
		<Username>kosmocgy</Username>
		<Datetime>08-11-08, 02:22 PM</Datetime>
		<Content>Lets try this again, since the forums died shortly after making my post. I have been following these forums for some time now. As you can see this is my first post though. When I think of it I will come up with a better name for my theatre area than my AVS Handle, but for now it is a start. Starting to plan and build myself my home theater room for in my walk out basement. As you can see from the diagram my basement is a decent size with 2 big windows so sunlight will be something I need to deal with. I am hoping to get assistance in the way I design and complete the room. Some of my wants or needs of the room are as follows. 1) Will be the room my family watches TV as well as movies. 2) My 2 month old son will eventually play in the room so everything has to be kid safe. 3) The room might eventually also hold a dedicated poker table. I have already purchased some of my equipment, and I expect to be living in this house for some time so I want to future proof the room as best as possible. My current equipment is as follows: Receiver ? Pioneer VSX-1016TXV Speakers Front, Centre Channel and Rear speakers ? 5 Speakercraft LCR3?s Surround ? 2 Speakercraft Aim 7 Three speakers Sub ? Definitive Technology Supercube 1 Xbox 360 Apple TV Bell ExpressVu HD PVR I live in Canada so use Bell Satellite with a HD PVR and use my Apple TV for HD movies. At this time I do not have a Bluray DVD, and would like to move away from physical media since the thought of streaming media is so much more appealing, but I have not ruled out purchasing a Bluray device in the future to fully take advantage of my equipment and room. My current TV is the Toshiba 50 inch DLP ? 50HM66 but that will be replaced by a LCD or plasma that we will use when watching TV and then I want a projector to watch movies on a screen that will be mounted on the ceiling to drop down in front of the LCD or plasma when we watch movies. Since I want to future proof the room I expect that I will be looking to a 1080P projector to finally have a screen about the size of 95 to 100? Since the room will also be used for a play area for my son as well as a poker room I do not plan to be using risers for extra rows seating. I like the ideas of Theatre seats, but I know the wife will want to cuddle. So seat suggestions are welcomed. When I purchased the speakers I knew from reading AVS that 7.1 is the future so I made sure of purchasing the right amount of speakers. I chose in wall speakers mostly because I want a clutter free area without losing floor space, so floating walls are something I want to avoid. Things I am looking for assistance with. Speaker placement for all the speakers knowing that my seat will be 12 to 14 feet from the screen. There are experts on this forum that know more than I could ever pretend to know and your recommendations would help a lot to make sure I use the best speaker placement to get the best sound in the room I have Wiring tips or suggestions Projector type and placement tips/ suggestions Screen suggestions, I have been looking at the screen from monoprice since they are reasonably priced and have been getting decent reviews on this forum. If needed I can always upgrade my screen in the future. Any other advice for things I have not thought of would also help. I know it is a big first post, but I have seen to many times when someone asks the experts on AVS forums a question only to be asked right back some basic question about equipment and such. So I thought I would give as much background as possible. And since I like following peoples construction posts and looking at their pictures I plan to take pictures at different stages as well to share with those willing to look at them</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
