<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="3">
		<Title>Amazing DJ's livingroom progress</Title>
		<Username>Amazing DJ</Username>
		<Datetime>11-24-08, 02:30 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>I am building a home theater into the end of a livingroom. Thanks to all in this forum for ideas. This is a low-budget project. Here is the "before" photo showing the room just before we moved into the house... And here is what the setup presently looks like with a friggin HUGE screen. The screen was built with $13 worth of curtain backing from Jo-Ann fabrics. The material was tightly stretched across some furring strips and then stapled down. Then I created a simple black frame by nailing some wooden baseboard mouldings over the top... It is my own design utilizing MDF fiberboard from Lowe's. Here is a front view of the console I built. It is a separate piece from the screen frame. The console looks heavy, but can slide across the carpet easily for any wiring changes. It sits on flat furniture sliders, making it very easy to move. I've noticed that some people make the mistake of putting their screens too high above eye level. When seated, your eyes are supposed to be looking straight ahead to the BOTTOM THIRD of the screen. To accomplish that, I built this low-profile shelving unit to house the electronics. Side view from right-to-left has one of the Sony 5.1 speakers, and a MultiTech USB voice/faxmodem. This gives amazing pop-up caller ID on the MCE screen. The caller ID is via a program called Tapirex which displays the name and photo of the caller, in addition to speaking their name through the livingroom speakers! I have the computer-synthesized voice programmed to say silly phrases such as "Heavens to mergatroid!"... This is the midsection of the do-it-yourself HDTV projection entertainment system. The blue lighted thing in the center is a Thermaltake 4-fan controller from Fry's Electronics. It controls the four 120mm fans on the deck above that are cooling the HPz560 computer. The fan controller has an automatic speed setting which is set by unseen temperature sensors hanging above the HP unit. The 120mm fans guarantee that the HP stays cool. The grilles are made by Bitspower, called Mesh Radguard 240. Initially, the blue LED fans were too bright. They were casting a blue glow onto the screen. But I solved that by making them less intense. It was a simple task to put a flat black dab of paint over each LED. That made the fan plastic glow blue without throwing blue light upwards from the fan area. The Thermaltake controller and fans are powered by a separate recycled computer power supply which hides behind my DVD cases.... Here is a closeup of the Antec Tri-Cool LED fans I came up with which are covered with Mesh Radguard 240 grilles... You can't buy this. Being new to the home theater scene, I didn't rush out and buy an expensive ceiling-mounted projector holder. Instead, I used a cast-off equipment rack I found leaning against a dumpster. I painted it to match my green wooden furniture. Then I added some chrome adhesive trim to dress it up. The rack is sturdy and is screwed to the floor with drywall screws. I made this stand for the cost of a can of spray paint! The projector is a Mitsubishi HC1500 HD DLP unit which is secured upside-down for proper throw angle to the screen which is 12 feet away. The couch was recently upgraded with some bass shakers underneath. The 4 tactile transducers give a vibrating "feel" to each movie or videogame. Some Woon bass shakers are driven by a Dayton 400-watt subwoofer amp. Later, I'll get some pics posted of the custom amp housing I made... This is a dramatic curved top shelf that is attached above the top of the screen frame. The shelf holds a nice Sony center channel speaker which I found cheap on ebay for about $30. The shelf also had room for a couple of decorative diecast Pontiac GTOs from 1968 and 1969. The shelf was made from MDF wood which is more like a dense fiberboard. There are four pieces held together with drywall screws. All the holes and joints were filled with wood putty and sanded smooth. Once completed, this shelf is held up with drywall screws into the wall studs.... For my setup I was shopping for some of those big Dolby Digital or PL2 plaques that hang in a home theater. I didn't like how large the ready-made plaques were. So I made these chrome-like emblems myself. They were printed from vector artwork found on the web. They are affixed to metal-film tape to give it a "manufactured" look. You are looking at home-made stickers affixed to a wooden screen frame. How do you think they turned out?... Here is a photo of the construction of the console. TIP: If you want to put screws into MDF wood, you MUST pre-drill each and EVERY hole or the MDF will split like plaster. Then you would need to fix it with wood filler putty. Also, be careful not to overtighten screws in MDF. If you do, the screws strip quite easily. Another tip about MDF is the stinky smell. So paint or seal it with at least three coats of paint. Note how the back (rightside) is set back a little bit? That feature leaves room for the cords to run between video components so they're not smashed against the wall... Another view of the console. The shelf sections are notched out. It all fits together like a simple jigsaw puzzle. Only the top panel and the bottom panel had to be screwed together... Here, the center shelf is being painted flat black. You can see how this shelf is notched to receive the vertical supports which will just slide on... And here is one of the vertical dividers being painted. You can observe the notch that allows it to fit into the center shelf... Anyway - I am thinking of doing some sort of wall treatment to liven up the livingroom wall where the screen hangs. Any ideas?</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
