<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>A Journey through Cedar Cove Cinema</Title>
		<Username>timtimes</Username>
		<Datetime>11-28-08, 01:41 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>Hi all, I'm consolidating (re: abandoning my old thread & theater name) and doing a proper post here. As you can see from the pics, Cedar Cove Cinema seemed an appropriate name change (plus I'm thinking of a cool simple logo) To wit: The abandoned threads: http://www.avsforum.com/avs-vb/showthread.php?t=978466 http://www.avsforum.com/avs-vb/showthread.php?t=1027641 Here's a truncated (heavily) presentation of the project and the final results, so much as anything in this hobby is 'final'. LOL. This update was spurred by a comment on another thread about how many deck(s) I have and I suppose it depends on how you count. We'll see. Beginnings Level One: Finished with new siding visible: "Level one" started off the side of my house connected to my shop. This 10' x 12' deck is christened 'Level one' by virtue of it being the first built, not the lowest level in a multi-tiered arrangement. It is 12 feet long because that is as long a piece of wood as I thought I could get home in my Mazda Protege at the time. I later learned that I could carry boards SIXTEEN feet long. With the exception of a load of gravel for leveling, all the building materials for the project were transported in/on this vehicle. Yes, those are 16 foot 4x4's stuffed into and out of the hatch as well as a load of lattice panels expertly secured to the vehicle. Look closely and you'll see I actually tied the front and back door closed by looping twine around the pillars. Had to go in thru the driver's side window "Duke's of Hazzard" style in order to drive it home. Instead of building a separate (and perhaps RATIONAL) smaller deck and stairway straight to the yard off my master bedroom in the back of the house (to augment a 72" patio door installed there 18 months earlier and prevent the untimely death of anybody who actually tried to exit there!!!), I decided to continue from level one, all the way around and to the back of the house, a much more majestic (foolhardy) undertaking. Upon completion of the first level, I was still a full four feet from the end of the house and figured I'd need to go at least another four feet beyond the end of the house with level two just to account for the width of the stairs necessary to get from level one (essentially ground level) up parallel to the bottom of the patio door on the back of the house. I had two directions to go off level one: a couple steps down to the ground and a couple steps up to level three (aka Gazebo level). Level two under construction. It is 6' x 8' and for all intents and purposes can be referred to as the Grill level. It's only 48 square feet, but in my liberal interpretation of levels, I've deemed it worthy of separate accounting. It's one step up from level one. Steps up to the Gazebo level on back of house visible as well. All steps are lit: and note that here's a couple of decent shot of the whole combination of level one and the couple of stairs leading to 'ground level' on that side of the house. Also note that 'ground level' is a relative term because my yard slopes down and away from the house, so the farther out I carried my deck(s), the more steps and terrain shaping that were necessary to tie it all together. I could have stopped on that part of the project simply with the wooden platform stepping off into the yard on that side of the house, but suffice to say that I didn't. the area cleared: With the addition of red brick patio tiles (visible in foreground of previous picture) and 20-30 odd feet of raised planter boxes and lattice privacy paneling, it became the 'garden level': I can tell by the lighting that this is an afternoon picture. Note the degree of darkness the tree cover provides my backyard in the blaze of afternoon sun. In the shot from the roof down you can see the raised planter boxes and the lattice privacy walls in that area. That's vinyl siding stacked on top of the raised planter box on the left, which didn't get completed in time for use this year. You can see the new siding in some pics. I still have to finish some on the backside of the house. I was roofing and siding the house concurrent with this deck construction: I'll end this post for now, having accounted for the following deck(s)/levels: Level One: 10 x 12 Level Two (Grill): 6 x 8 Level Three (Gazebo) 12 x 16 (referred to in post but as yet unpictured) Level Four (Garden) approx. 75 square feet tiled to date. Journey continues tomorrow with the unexplored levels. Here's a taste of the Gazebo level to whet your appetite: As well as examining how I went from this: To this: Enjoy.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
