<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="3">
		<Title>Shed Time - RPh Drew's Thread - Logan's Hero... for now...</Title>
		<Username>RPh Drew</Username>
		<Datetime>05-15-08, 09:19 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>Index Equipment List (2) Insulation (7) Projector (13) Laminate flooring (19) Riser (51) Speakers (75) Stage (133) More Stage (157) Third Row Countertop (183) Bedroom Flooring (256) Sconce Lights (284) Sceen wall (290) Bathroom (389) Drywall that pocket door!!! (431) Third row bar trim (442) Screen size (463) Carpet decision(469) Carpet install (549) Screen Install (555) One of the Logan commandments: ?Thou shall have a build thread?? So here it is. Note: As of this posting, I only have dial-up access so pictures will be limited and low resolution. DSL is coming but we don?t know when? First the floor plan. I am finishing the basement of a home we had built in 2003. At the time, I was not planning a full dedicated HT but had the following requirements for the builder with regards to the basement: 1. 9? ceiling 2. Zone heating system with basement on its own thermostat 3. Stub plumbing for future bath and install shower stall (much easier to get in before the walls/doors go in). 4. Install vent line for future bathroom fan so I didn't need to fish it through the entire basement width later. 5. Frame exterior walls with 2x4?s (which I would later regret? more later) 6. Large room (later to be designated the HT, to have no supports or dividers needed.) The above floor plan was developed after sitting down with their architect. The stock home plan (where basement design is at best an after thought) was very choppy, was only about 50% usable, and included the bathroom on the daylight side (which is a waste of the windows in my opinion). I really tried to squeeze out as much usable space as possible. I had storage trusses put in above the garage and installed a pull down ladder so I really don?t need storage space in the basement. I ended up having to hire my own heating contractor as the builder?s could not wrap his mind around a three zone (one for each floor) forced air heating system without massive heat trunks that took up the majority of the ceiling in the basement. My contractor installed an Arzel zone system that uses individual dampers for each run controlled by vacuum tubes? which results in only one hot air trunk. Now, fast-forward a year or two. The first project was to build my deck. The builder I used seemed to build pretty good homes but for some reason hired some guy in a beat up mini van to build the decks??? So I had them attach the plate to the house and leave it for me to build. I decided to go with the full plastic Eon decking which turned out great. I put over a year into this build but that is off topic for this so I will just give the after pic and move on. I just took this picture this morning so it is in the shadow of the house. I will edit it later with an afternoon shot. Now the winter of 06-07 comes along and I finally get the bug to start the basement. There were a few things that I failed to monitor during the building process that slipped by until I started to put my basement plans together. 1. The air conditioning dude got lazy and ran the condenser line down under the floor joists rather than up in them across the HT room? Had to have them come out and rerun $$. 2. The gas line to supply the main floor fireplace was installed as galvanized that again ran below the joists this time through my game room. Had to have them come out and install flex line to maximize the ceiling height $$. 3. The hot and cold air trunks ran down one side of the HT. Note the very top of the following picture. This pic is a little out of order as it shows the re-framed walls of the HT insulated but I will come back to that I hung the scrap piece of carpet on the wall to judge screen size. I outlined 80, 90, and 100 inches. I moved the cold air return to the other side of the HT and am now using 5 of the joist cavities that run across my HT as cold air returns. I did this myself so all it cost me was some time. The only issue would be that I would not be able to insulate the cavities above the HT as many are used as cold air returns and it also limited the number and placement of can lights. I then found the framing they did of the exterior concrete walls to be lousy. Because I added this after construction had started, it was done after the home was essentially built and it was the guy in the beat up mini van again... I ended up tearing out all of the framing in the HT and starting over. I will being using post #2 to update progress and "To do" lists and then continue from there in individual posts.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
