<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="3">
		<Title>Grafik Eye 3106</Title>
		<Username>will1383</Username>
		<Datetime>10-20-08, 09:45 PM</Datetime>
		<Content>UPDATED 11/12/2008 I know this is the upteenth thread regarding HT DIY builds but to me, being someone who enjoys sitting at home watching a movie or the ball game more than the bar scene, this is a long time coming. I've reached a bit of a sticking point in weeding through all of the various ideas with regards to layouts, design, and of course implementation. I plan to have this completed by mid december, and I'm hoping there are a number of you who are willing to help me get things figured out. Here are the details of where I am: I have just finished framing a 15' 5" x 14' x 85" high (yes it's tight height-wise) room in my basement, with one small window and a standard, 32" door opening. I have not begun to add anything else yet, because I am stuck in how to build up my walls properly and what wiring/devices I really need to add. Due to the size of my room, I plan to use a front projector, a perforated screen, with in wall speakers behind the screen. The subwoofer will reside in the room in one of the corners. The equipment list I currently have laid out is as follows (UPDATED): A/V experience: Atlantic Technologies 6200e front speakers Atlantic Technologies 6200ec center Atlantic Technologies 4200SR surrounds (4 of them) Velodyne spl-1200 subwoofer Sony HW10 1080p Projector Pioneer Elite VSX-94TXH receiver Universal remote MSC-400 basestation Universal remote MX-980 remote Universal remote MX-3000 remote Monster power HTFS1000 power conditioner Monster power HTS 3500 power center DYI AT screen Lighting: Grafik eye 3104 4-zone controller Grafik eye 3106 6-zone controller 2 Grafik eye 5-scene wall stations 2 grafik eye 8-scene wall stations I intended to place 7 3" recessed lights, but I have reduced the amount to 6 3", par20 50w recessed lights. I'm going to wire for 3 more recessed lights just in case I want to add them later. There will still be 4 wall sconces on cherry wood columns. HVAC: I have a single 6" heat/cooling duct to push air in, and I am putting in a low cold air return and a high cold air return, both with baffles to change them over depending if I am pushing cold air or warm air into the room. The heating duct is in the ceiling and I used 6" flexible, insulated pipe. I am tearing out the old cold air returns from the rooms above and replacing them with OC703-lined Misc: Floor: This is yet another discussion... My floor is a concrete slab, with a french drain around the perimeter. My basement is 100% dry, and in no danger of flooding (its built in a sand bed on a hill). I originally intended to use the 2'x2' plywood subfloor that has the plastic bottom which allows air to circulate under the floor, and then use a normal carpet mat with the thick carpet. I've been reading a bunch on acoustic panels. Is there really THAT much of a difference that it's worth spending $2.50/ft for the stuff in addition to the other flooring costs? Resources http://www.avsforum.com/avs-vb/showthread.php?t=1043747 Historical notes left over from the past Original Post: Quote: I am also building a 12TB media server as I intend to use DLNA-compatible devices throughout my house, and the Pioneer receiver above is DLNA. Since the room is small, there's really only space for a single row of seating, so between the room depth and the height limitations, I do not intend to build a riser for a row of seats nor do I intend put in any sofited ceiling stuff. I will have a single 6" heating/cooling diffuser placed in the ceiling along with the same size return, also in the ceiling. I'll provide pictures tomorrow when I get home from work. Now on to the issues I have to solve: 1. what lighting controls do I need to purchase 2. what other wiring is necessary for the room. 3. should I put a small stage in to provide a little better overall theme? 4. should I 'box' in the screen to provide additional proteciton, knowing that I must place the speakers behind it? and the big one: 5. How should I go about sealing up the walls and making the room acousticlly pleasing? Number 5 is the most confusing part of all this. There are many, many options and I'm simply unsure of what would be the best combination of options to acheive what I want - a very quiet, isolated, theater experience that will not affect the rest of the household. I'm currently considering the following: Building the walls using the isomax isolation clips on all walls and the ceiling - http://www.kineticsnoise.com/arch/isomax/index.aspx. From that I would use two 1/2" sheets of drywall and float all the walls, using some type of sealant to separate them all. I planned on using R-13 insulation in the walls and ceiling, with foam insulation (in addition to) every other stud. I've looked at things like the Green Glue to use between the drywall, and visiting the acoustical solutions website, there's a plethora of options out there to seal up the room. However, they all add up to quite an expense. So, I guess my questions are these: - Are the isolation clips worth the cost? - Is there an alternative to the Green Glue? Is it really needed at all? - To what extreme should I be worrying about isolating and sealing up the room? I want to build this right, the first time, but it's difficult to come to grips spending $1500-2000 dallors only on sealant to seal up a room that is used privately several hours a week... I know there are hundreds of people here who have built their own theater/media rooms or have theaters themselves, and I am looking for the best, most cost-effective solution that fits within my budget.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
