choosing from among the digital elph series .
hello forumites !
i have decided to purchase a canon digital elph out of previous great experiences with the quality of their ultracompacts .
however , research has made me extremely confused over which camera would be the best for my shooting needs .
i would sincerely appreciate your help .
my criteria are as follows : ( 1 ) quality , quality , quality of images is absolutely paramount .
i do not care what the camera costs as long as i can shoot the best quality photos .
while i am by no means a photographer by trade , i do enjoy composing that perfect shot .
( 1a ) crystal clear and colorful macro shots are a must .
i do a lot of photographs of plants and insects .
( 1b ) my next favorite subject is landscapes .
it goes along with the nature theme of ( 1a ) .
i love everything from mountains to beaches to sunsets over the river and as a person who travels quite frequently , am blessed with the opportunities to visit many such wondrous places .
( 1c ) i would love a camera that took great action shots .
i practice martial arts and would like to document tournaments and practices .
the lack of clear action shots was my greatest criticism of my previous camera , the canon sd800is .
( 1d ) i like playing around with perspectives .
taking a picture of a building from the viewpoint of an ant , for example , or taking pictures where the foreground is blurred and the background is focused .
i am not sure what kind of features will be better for me here , either wide angle or greater optical zoom , for example .
( 1e ) i love night shots ( without flash ) and pictures of fire .
it 's so difficult to get these photos though , without also having some graininess .
( 2 ) optical viewfinder .
( 3 ) incredible durability .
my camera goes with me everywhere , rain or shine , wet or dry , and is often taking pictures every day which means it will get beat up .
( 4 ) excellent movie taking capabilities , including great sound .
i sing and go to a lot of concerts where this is essential .
( 5 ) the higher degree of manual controls available to me , the better .
i 'd like to experiment with different compositions .
( 6 ) fast .
fast start - up .
fast successive picture taking capabilities .
fast recharge of flash .
( 7 ) ( not that important , but nice to have ) small , slippable into jean 's pocket .
i found the sd800is slightly too bulky , but still completely manageable .
something smaller would be nice though , if not absolutely necessary .
( 8 ) ( again , not that important , but nice to have ) good menu controls .
( 8a ) i should be able to just depress the shutter button and automatically switch from playback mode to shooting mode .
( 8b ) easy access to manual controls so far i 've gone through all the digital elph cameras and eliminated all those without an optical viewfinder and without motion detection technology ( though i have little experience with how motion detection actually works , was making this absolutely necessary in my new camera a correct choice ? ) .
yet , this still leaves the sd1200is , sd770is , sd950is , sd890is , sd780is , and sd990is as possibilities .
any help narrowing down these choices given my criteria ?
i am not technically savvy enough to figure out the nuances of how my qualitative criteria translates to quantitative requirements .
thank you in advance for the help !
( = here is a link to some of my favorite shots ( not necessarily the best shots , just those that i think show a rough inkling of what i like in my photographs ) : http://www.facebook.com/album.php?ai...5&l=cc5c2eaf9f
