.
ok , here 's the deal .
basically , i am having hdcp connectivity issues with my xbox 360 , cheap-o phillips home theater in a box / upconversion dvd player system and my benq pb8240 projector .
i have purchased all of this equipment recently and i was trying it out for the first time last night .
i currently have it connected via an hdmi to dvi-d cable , coming from the xbox 's hdmi output to the projector 's dvi-i input -lrb- duh -rrb- .
when i attempted to stream hd content from xbox live 's netflix service , it displayed an error message .
it said : `` secure hdcp link not found '' .
so , i , tried to watch a dvd via the xbox and again it displayed the same error message .
i have been playing games on the xbox and they have been working fine .
next , i took the phillips system out of the box and hooked everything up .
the hdmi-dvi cable was unplugged from the xbox and then plugged in to the hdmi output on the phillips dvd player .
i then proceeded to turn the dvd player on and i get no picture , but i do get sound -lrb- home theater in a box system , through included speakers -rrb- .
that 's when i thought to myself , `` hmm , this looks like an hdcp problem ! '' .
so , i connected the dvd player to the projector via a regular old rca cable and of course that worked fine .
this is when i was sure it was an hdcp problem .
the xbox games were playing fine but then when i tried to view video , that 's when things went funny .
reading online , i looked around to confirm that the projector is hdcp compliant , and it appears that it is .
so , here is some information ; - hdmi-dvi cable = directv branded no-name dvi-d to hdmi cable - projector has dvi-i and `` rgb signal input , pc/ypbpr/ycbcr '' input -lrb- which looks to be a 15 pin rgb connector -rrb- if you have the time , please review the owners manual at the following link .
it contains valuble connection information on pages 12 and 14 of the pdf file .
http://www.aboutprojectors.com/pdf/b...240-manual.pdf now , i 'm thinking that the best way to go about resolving this problem would be to completely avoid it by connecting the video source via component cables .
on the user manual , it shows that the projector originally came with a cable they are calling the `` component video cable '' .
this can be seen on the bottom of page 12 of included pdf file .
i got the projector used , and that cable was not included in my purchase .
my question to you guys is what exactly would the technical name of this cable be , and where could i go about purchasing one ?
i have also looked into an hdfury convertor to assist in the hdcp handshake but simply using component cables seems to be the easiest and least expensive option .
can anyone provide any guidance here ?
thanks !
edit -- could this be the cable i 'm looking for ?
http://www.monoprice.com/products/pr...seq=1&format=2
