sony w series vs. samsung a650 .
hi , i was looking around for a lcd , which brought me to this forum , and i have a dilemma , and you guys seems like a knowledgable bunch ... so here it is i really had my eye set on the samsung a650 , the 32 inch , i walked pass it in big box retailer and it really caught my eye , it must be the shine my previous experience with samsung was with a non-hd crt from a couple of years back , it was good , but i really hated the user interface , the on screen menus and the remotes especially ... but since then i 've been lusting after samsung lcds ever since , with each year and new model , i really liked all of their design so far , but only until now that the price and feature , specifically 1080p becomes reasonably within my reach .
so , here i was with a wad of cash in my hand running around from store to store trying to shop for the best deal , trying to look for the best dealer locally and see if i can get them so sweeten the deal and here 's a guy at one dealer who 's not too enthusiastic about the samsung had shown me the latest sony w series which is the only other 1080p around at the size that i 'm looking for ( 32 " ) and the sony was $ 100 cheaper !
and it seems that the salesman is getting a lot of commission from sony and is prepared to sweeten the deal with further discount and a very good deal on a low - end blu - ray player , which is nice .
around my parts , there 's hardly any samsung blu - ray .
i was thinking of getting a ps3 anyway but since there 's hardly any game i like and it would be easier for my wife / mom to just pop the tray and press play on a proper blu - ray machine with hdmi - cec crontrol .
i used to be a sony - fanboy 10 years ago , everything i had was sony , i 'd been through it all walkmans , discmans , dat , md , dvd , it 's used to be that if it 's sony , i would buy it without a thought , but in the past few years , sony had really screwed up and i had vowed on principle not to get anymore sony stuff ever ... and here i am ... back to the lcds , it seems like they are using the same panels am i right ?
so the difference in picture quality would be down to the processing engine ... so what 's the general consensus around here between sony and samsung , a lot of people seem to rave about the samsung a650 .
my mind is set on the samsung but i 've never had proper experience with anything from them , whereas sony are a known quantity .
while immediately i can see things that are wrong / i do n't like with the sony ( design , style , proprietaryness ) they seem tolerable , and it looks like a good deal , and even - though people seem to rave about the samsung , it looks like there are also problems abound as well .
so , am i lured in by the glitter of the samsung , should i take the plunge ?
or stay with the safe choice of sony ?
maybe i 'm subconsciously conditioned by two decades of propaganda that sony is reliable even i 'm now trying hard to hate them .
i 'm sorry for the length ,
