.
hi everyone , well ive been in the market for the past couple of weeks for a new lcd tv for my very first home purchase but i am completely in the dark in regards to what is a good tv / brand to buy these days .
i 've tried reading through some of the other posts but ya 'll seem to be extremely knowledgable where - as im still quite the noob when it comes to the lcd technology i currently have a 46 " kdl - 46s2000 sony tv which has performed extremely admirably for the past 2.5 years but with the bigger room i 'd like a bigger tv ( and something with 1080p capability ! )
in any case , i am in the market for a 52 " + lcd for my family room .
i 've been somewhat interested in the new 55 " from samsung ( ln55a950 ) but i 've heard so many mixed reviews from folks on here saying that its great and then some saying its not worth the money .... and at $ 4000 its hard for me to make an informed decision without being able to physically see it ( best buy , ciruit city , etc , do nt have floor models ) .
plus do i reallly need the additional 3 " ??
well the gadget nerd in me says yes but the practical side of me says no .
so what will i use the tv for : 1 - bluray movies via ps3 ( all types ... action / horror / comedy ) 2 - hd programming via cable ( e.g. abc / nbc / tnt / etc ) .
i only watch sports randomly and not very often ( more of a " go to the bar and watch " thing imo ) 3 - normal tv 3 - ps3 games i have about $ 4000 to spend which is why the new sammy looked nice but if its performance is n't that great then i will not consider it .
im also looking to get it within the next couple weeks so hopefully its not something i truly have to wait a long time for .
any suggestions you all have would be greatly appreciated !!
i know everyone has a different opinion and have their brand loyalty or what not but all comments are welcome .
thanks very much !
update : so i just noticed the sony 52 " xbr6 is at crutchfield.com but only for pre-order .
any idea when these become available ?
i have been impressed with my current sony lcd so wondering about these new ones .
