a different perspective .
hi , i am looking to finally upgrade my current av setup from a 34 '' sony xbr crt that i have had for the last 5 yrs .
i was just about to pull the trigger on a pioneer kuro 5020fd after weeks of research when i got an itch to revisit projectors which have always interested me .
i have spent a little time researching projectors although still a complete noob and was looking for a little advice .
this is a floorplan of my tiny apt as you can see i have quite a few windows and would plan to project the image onto either the large window in the living room or the opposite wall .
i have roller shades on all windows which let in 3 % light although from what i have read that would seem to be my primary concern .
ceiling height is around 100 '' and width of room is 12 ' .
my budget is around $ 2500 and two projectors i am interested in are the : panasonic pt-ae3000 mitsubishi hc6500u both seem to have great reviews however my questions are the following : - what has the better pq and detail ?
above projectors or the kuro ?
- will either of the above projectors work well in my apt ?
screen size is important although coming from a 34 '' tv 96 '' should be more than enough .
- will i be able to adequately view tv during the day or if my gf insists on reading a book in the same room with a light or two on ?
not sure how keen she would be about living in a dark room - any other major advantages/limitations between the technologies -lrb- i.e bulb replacement -rrb- i would plan to use the projector as my primary viewing device , i.e. 3-4hrs of viewing a day including bluray , hd cable through my tivo series 3 , htpc for movies and web surfing , gaming and anything in between both day and night although i usually do most of my watching at night seeing as im at work paying off my gadget addiction during the day i have never had a projector or a plasma for that matter and have for some reason always thought that i would need a big house with a dedicated cinema in the basement before springing for the projector which i would only use for movie night .
recently however it seems the price and desire for a projector have coincided would love to know if you guys think i should go with my original choice of the kuro or if a projector is a viable option and if so which one ?
any thoughts would be greatly appreciated .
