jvc rs20 / jvc rs2 / mitsubishi hc 7000 : which is the better videophile pj ? .
i am helping out a relative select equipment for a home theater project , and i need some help deciding on a projector .
i 've only started learning about projectors and projector technology in the last month , so i dont know a lot about projectors yet .
so far i have read reviews for the mitsubishi hc7000 and the jvc rs2 at projectorcentral.com , which said the hc7000 and jvc rs2 were the best videophile projectors in their respective classes -lrb- they were reviewed nearly a year apart , and not compared to one another -rrb- .
i have also tried to read the separate threads for each projector , but those have proven to be fruitless as the threads are many pages long , and the information is to dispersed throughout the threads .
while both projectors received good ratings , there is no way of knowing which one is better .
further complicating the decision is that jvc has released the rs20 .
so i was hoping that some one could explain to me if one projector is better than the others , or point me to a place that provides answers to the my question .
what is important to me : image quality , image quality , image quality !
darker black levels better ansi contrast levels picture sharpness accurate color saturation brightness , as long as the image does n't appear washed out .
all of the above are important up to a point , as long as the image keeps a natural look .
here are the things i am aware already aware of : hc7000 costs about half of the rs20 .
- but price is n't a big factor compared to performance .
hc7000 is 3lcd .
rs20 / rs2 are d-ila/lcos .
which is better technology i do n't know .
projector central gives the hc7000 ansi contrast of 409:1 , jvc rs2 gets 209:1 .
no rating for rs20 .
so my question is which is the better projector for a videophile , the rs20 or hc7000 , and are there any improvements in the rs20 from the rs2 ?
i mean is the hc7000 which costs 1/2 as much , in a lower class of pjs from the jvc models , or is there just a mark up for jvc ?
and is there a major difference between these models and even more expensive dlp models like the runco rs1100 ?
if there are any other projectors that have excellent image quality in this price range that you think are better feel free to mention them as well .
thanks in advance for your suggestions .
expected setup 123 '' 16:9 stewart firehawk g3 screen oppo bdp-83 blu-ray player when it is released , or dvdo edge hooked up to ps3 .
