time to buy and audition ... suggestions welcome .
hello .
i 'm finally in a position now to start an upgrade on my current cambridge soundworks tower ii speakers and matching center/surrounds .
my plan is to order 3-4 sets of towers online at once to audition and compare .
i 've targeted a few brands and just wanted to throw this out there to see if there are other suggestions .
budget is about $ 1500 for the mains .
looking for places where shipping is free so i only need to pay return shipping .
current room is 13 ` x16 ' bedroom , dedicated media room .
listening is split pretty evenly between music , movies and gaming .
music i listen to ranges from older genesis to hard rock -lrb- ozzy , type o negative -rrb- to current progressive metal or european metal bands -lrb- dream theater , nightwish , sonata artica , leaves eye , within temptation -rrb- , with many of the latter having female singers .
current speakers i know i am ordering - aperion audio 6t 's energy rc-70 's from audio advisor on the fence - axiom m80 's kef iq9 's mordaunt short mezzo 6 's mordaunt short avanti 908i definitive technologies bp7006 - bb magnolia , not sure i have enough room in my current setup for these , my speakers are a little over a foot from the back wall , and have about 18 '' of space on the inside and about 2 feet on the outisde .
not sure if that is enough space to make them worth auditioning .
my biggest limitation is space for the center channel speakers .
the ones i have mentioned so far have centers that will fit .
the reason i am doing it this way is because most audio stores are 20-40 miles away from me , and with gas prices and driving a truck , i figure the added expense of return shipping is not that much more and makes it worth it to audition in home .
feel free to let throw out other suggestions and where a good place to get them would be .
if their centers wo n't work for me , i 'll let you know .
example - swan diva 's 5.2 c will not fit , but the 4.2 c does .
not sure if matching towers for that will compare well to the above ?
thanks ...
