amp/speaker vs active speaker setup for sonos or duet .
hi all , i am a novice to this forum .
i read a lot of threads for comparing sonos vs duet here and on slimforum/sonosforum , because i want to buy a complete wireless setup for 3 rooms .
i am not going into discussion/war about this two systems , i rather like to get some suggestion about amp/speaker vs active speaker setups for this systems .
so that i can calculate the total cost and decide !!!
yes i am a beginner and yes my english typing could be better - try my best -lrb- live in switzerland -rrb- .
i am more the convenience than the audiophile person -lrb- hopefully not totally wrong here -rrb- , but also dont want crappy pc-speakers or so .
i am looking for a nice output setup for the mainroom and two a bit less expensive for the bedroom and the kitchen .
the price should be from $ 500 - $ 2000 without the wireless system -lrb- i really dont know what is right for me , i read so much threads about it and didnt find the right ones -rrb- , or more if i think its worth it .
also i got some questions for accurate outputs for the wireless systems : - auto standby , auto sensing , auto power on/off setups are often too sensible or dont function at all .
i know there is ampswitch and a lot of other options for fixing this issues .
but i am rather interested in out-of-the-box solutions .
in the bedroom the amp or the actives should poweroff/standby automatically when not used - and i think in the other rooms i prefer this too .
- has the analog out better auto on/off capabilities than the digital ?
- is auto on/off really so important ?
some say a t-amp saves you this headache anyway -lrb- low power consumption -rrb- .
what speaker and what t-amps go together ?
i guess this would be a possible way in kitchen and bedroom .
- do you know a setup 2 speakers , 1 sub with or without amp with auto standby for all the components ?
i guess this could be the mainroom .
- how do you power down/fire up a duet system by remote with all attached components ?
- how do you power down/fire up a sonos system by remote with all attached components ?
yes - i want push a button and everthing is quiet and dark -lrb- at least in bedroom -rrb- and yes - i want to push a button let there be music in my whole apartment very curious for concrete suggestion and experiences , tks in advance !
