panasonic tx-p42gt30b ` grey ' black levels . .
hi everyone , so i finally decided to pull the trigger and purchase a new tv .
after much research i went for the new panasonic tx-p42gt30b for it 's reported picture quality and as per the plasma technology , the ` inky ' black levels .
the picture quality is very impressive on the tv , apart from the black levels .
basically i 'm trying to find out whether the set is displaying what it should and all this talk of ` inky ' black levels on plasma sets has all been totally overblown or whether i have a set that is not doing what it should be doing .
to give a little more detail .
when i am watching the set in a completely dark room with no light source .
the deepest black the tv is displaying is a darkish grey .
i have tried every setting and this is the deepest it can go .
this darkish grey is nowhere near an ` inky ' black that i have seen advertised for this particular tv or indeed any plasma television .
there is absolutely no chance of the black level being confused with the black bezel of the tv that 's for sure .
when i first turned the set on with the lights off , i was expecting an ever so slight increase in the black that you would see when the screen is completely switched off .
or maybe even it would n't be obvious that the tv was even on .
that was the kind of black level i was expecting , something that could rival the ` is it on ' ?
quality you could get from the old crt tech .
but no , unfortunately the grey of the deepest ` black ' is not really that much better than an lcd i owned 5 years ago -lrb- that had an issue with blurry xbox games and was sent back -rrb- to be honest , i 'm disappointed .
i truly believed that plasma technology was starting to rival crt the way people had talked .
but from what i 'm seeing , it 's nowhere near .
it 's a darkish grey .
is this normal ?
was i just expecting too much from this tv and the plasma tech ?
or does it sound like i might have a defective tv ?
i would appreciate any help with this .
and please no comments on how good kuros are at black levels .
because that is of no use to me .
thank you .
