is motion blur supposed to be this bad on a plasma . . .
i bought a gt30 -lrb- ive asked in the owners thread but no one really anwserd -rrb- when ever i watch tv/blu ray/games i get motion blur like the first scene in this youtube video .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxhj--aa5eu it destroys any detail in anything that moves .
focusing on faces is near impossible when their shaking their head .
i notice it when their closer to the screen or infront of a bright object .
ive tried watching two blu rays but ive ended up turning it off because it made me feel sick and gave me a head ach .
a few examples : in batman when the joker first appears in the hiding place of the bosses .
-lrb- let me show you a trick scene -rrb- as he walks in .
he is sort of shifting left to right .
all detail in his face is lost and it looks like a sd picture .
in the hangover when their driving to vegas the camerra is moving the same speed as the car .
the car is perfect yet the surrounding area has motion blur .
life of brian : -lrb- the best bluray quality i have seen :d -rrb- when the ex-leper is following brian through the market place telling him his ` life story ' .
the camera goes upto a close up of micheal palin is bounceing all around the screen .
the image seems to be dragging ever so slightly around the screen .
bbc news -lrb- bbc1 hd -rrb- the weathermen leave motion blur as they raise and lower their arms .
itv hd : jeremy kyle when the scum get up and storm off .
all you can see is an angry blurry chav lol i bought it from an online shop called ` crampton and moore ' two weeks back with 150hours running time . .
im a little worried about asking for a repair/replacment if its not faulty .
they may charge me if there is nothing wrong with the set .
i know its a bit hard if you guys arnt seeing my tv set in person but from the video above is that normal ?
it may not be as bad but its not far off .
n.b i went into currys today and saw a # 399.99 50inch plasma .
it was a cheap brand that id never heard of before .
they had up on it and it had no motion blur at all .
i even checked to make sure motion smoother was off and it was .
