`` dirt '' behind glass on panasonic th50pz81b ? .
hi everybody , looking for some advice !
i recently noticed a strange effect on the screen of my panasonic th50pz81b whether the tv is on or off .
it 's most visible when viewed at an angle under natural light and looks a bit like a sine wave , starts off in each corner at the bottom and gradients up to about 3/4 from the top middle of the screen , a `` wavy '' effect , hard to describe , but from the middle part it is a different colour right the way down to the bottom of the screen , almost oily looking but not really -lrb- hard to describe -rrb- .
of course once you have seen it it is difficult to ignore , especially since i bought a plasma knowing that blacks are black and now all i see in the dark scenes is this strangely symmetrical smear .
i have taken care of the tv , and it does gets a lot of use , i do n't clean the screen with any chemical products and the outside of the screen is immaculate .
the tv is nearly 3 years old , luckily bought from john lewis with the 5 year guarantee .
so their authorised repairer took the tv away , i pointed the problem out to the chap that collected it and he agreed he could see it .
this is where the problems start - i feel i am chasing them all the time - i phoned them after they had had it for a week and was told that the glass has been out and cleaned , problem solved , got the runaround because of the bank holiday/digital switchover excuses and eventually the tv was delivered back a week later , only to have the exact same problem present and a nice dent in the top of the back panel to boot !
this time the guy brought his pal in for a look - yes they could both see the issue and they would take it back in .
so this was last wednesday and i had n't heard anything so i phoned this morning -lrb- tuesday -rrb- and the engineer told me he could n't see anything wrong with it at all - i asked him about the environment he was testing it in - a closed room with a small skylight and fluorescent lighting !
i explained that the problem was evident immediately in natural lighting -lrb- i.e. the type of area most people would be using their set in -rrb- .
so i drove the 25 mile round trip to the `` workshop '' - which is basically a back room in a unit , certainly as far as possible from a clean room environment that you can imagine - to point out the fault which finally the engineer conceeded he could see .
now he tells me immediately that this is dirt behind the screen and that he will need to strip it down to see if it can be cleaned -lrb- and judging by the smears on the front of the glass when they first brought it back i do n't have much faith in this -rrb- , or else it will be a new piece of glass from panasonic .
so it has taken 19 days to even see the problem never mind diagnose what is wrong , i 'm just worried that if it is dust/dirt then if it gets cleaned it will just happen again - is the glass not part of a sealed unit to prevent this type of thing ?
i do n't smoke , have a coal fire or pets etc. .
is it even dirt behind the screen in this sine wave pattern ?
it 's not just a few dust particles , but a big sweeping mark !
any ideas please ?
