on-going calibration for panasonic v20 .
i am doing a calibration of my panasonic v20 -lrb- 50 '' -rrb- and would like to ask/check a few things out .
i 've had the tv since around september last year and pretty much set it to the thx preset and left it alone .
i 'm using the eyeone display lt for take the measurements .
i started out using the professional 1 setting and everything on defaults , all picture processing turned off etc. .
i usually follow the guide listed here : greyscale & colour calibration for dummies the contrast setting for default is `` only '' giving around 30ftl .
going from the default setting to maximum contrast only gets me around an extra 6ftl , which seems pretty low .
my old pioneer -lrb- an old 435xde -rrb- could get significantly more .
this might be perfectly normal for the panasonic range , but it did surprise me a little .
does anyone have a good idea if this seems normal , what are they getting for their ftl reading ?
the guide does state around 30-40ftl is what i should be looking for but nonetheless , i was surprised .
i 'm guessing the maximum power draw had to be accounted for in some way , so maybe this was how they did it by limiting the contrast .
i was aiming for 35ftl but have had to set the contrast practically near maximum to get there .
what gamma setting are people using ?
i have upped the gamma from 2.2 to 2.4 in the settings because the baseline profile was giving me something really low like 1.8 , which seems quite a ways out compared to the review .
the calibrated setting now tracks much closer to 2.2 .
however , subjectively -lrb- and post-calibration -rrb- , setting the gamma back to 2.2 produces a better image and detail in black areas -lrb- black shirts/jackets etc -rrb- without affecting the overall black level .
floating blacks - i did n't see a single instance of this on the thx preset , but after calibration it seems to be happening with a lot of dark scenes now .
it 's quite jarring and there 's a definite jump in brightness of the dark by a couple notches .
has anyone got any tips for calibrating these away ?
i know everyone 's mentioned this already , but just want to add that the menu system sucks for calibrating .
it 's a pity they did n't change it with a firmware update .
