<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>Floating blacks - Panasonic's response</Title>
		<Username>JamesP1701</Username>
		<Datetime>02-06-2011, 10:54 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>Thought I might share my ongoing issue with the Floating blacks and Panasonic's response: I bought the P50VT20 (British model) in November and was delighted with it (still am). The floating black issue became manifest over the last few months and back in early April decided it was a real issue. It was certainly very distracting and as a purist with my sets found it made it very difficult to watch movies with letterboxes (though I stress that it also happens on full 16:9 content but it is harder to identify). I watch in Cinema or THX mode and it happens on both. I contacted my Panasonic store in Lincoln where I ourchased it, and they said they would send it on to their authorised repair centre in Grantham. About two weeks later on 12th April I had a call from the shop asking when the set could be returned. I asked what the problem was and the solution and they said no fault had been found and as such were returning the set. I said this was unsatisfactory and was advised to ring the repair centre. The woman there was very unhelpful saying the problem was evident and that I shouldnt follow things written on internet forums "as anyone could write anything." After suggesting she was insulting the consumer she suggested that I bring in a selection of Blu Rays which I duly did. Two weeks later and she rang and asked if i could come and show them the issue which I did. They saw it and said they'd video it and send the footage off to Panasonic. Two weeks later after not hearing anything, I finally rang the repair centre and they said it was now in the hands of Panasonic and that I could expect to hear from Panasonic. One week later, guess what, no contact, so I rang Panny customer services only to be told that it was still in the hands of the repair centre. I rang the centre back who then spoke to Panasonic (apparently a miscommunication) and said I woukld hear from them either by letter, email or a call. I rang Panasonic a few days letter and asked what was going on and was told I could expect a letter. Yesterday, after not hearing anything again I rang Panny and was told that according to their records no letter had been sent out nor should I expect any contact!! I described the Floating Black issue to the man (again!) who proceeded to say it was a "feature" of the 3D televisions. I said in that case it was mis sold and was advised to ring my shop. This is where it gets tense: 1) I asked for a refund. The manager said no. 2) I said it had been descirbed as a feature of the set. He said if it's a feature then the set is working correctly. 3) I said it was never sold as having this feature. If it had been I would not have bought it. It had therefore been mis sold/mis represented. 4) I also said, if it is a feature, why is it not listed in any of the documentation. He asked what documentation, I said the manual. 5) I proceeded to say, if it is a feature and the TV is designed to do this, why did it take such a long time to identify, and why did the repair centre send the footage off to Panasonic. 6) I suggested it was not a feature, but I am being fobbed off with that in the hpe I will remain silent. 7) I asked the manager if he would bve happy with the floating black issue. He said "if it's a feature of the set then yes." I said "but I was not aware of the issue" at which point he said 'we're not getting anywhere with this.' 8) I asked for a final time whether he would give a refund. He said no at which point I said my solicitors will be involved. So there we are! Wonderful service. Sorry Panasonic, you have lost a previouslyt loyal customer. I am sick and tired of being held hostage by large corporation (especially when the manager said "we put customer service first"). I will challenge these legally, it's entirely unacceptable.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
