.
does anyone own the dvd and laserdisc and i?m sure the same goes with the other format discs .
have you found the film to be too bright on the left and right fronts ?
i?ve slipped in the region 2 special edition and thou i?ve listened to the film many times over before , and struggling with the high end strings of violins and violas while some portions of overlap on the centre channel -lrb- audio masking -rrb- rendering some of the detail difficult to hear .
with the behringer dcx2496 i can mute switch channels lcr around into different positions to see where the issues lie .
what i found was the left channel hf was too high and lowering the level on the hf while playing back a particular scene or sequence and then resting on given level just for this film .
i could use the dynamic eq that has been disengaged since a few weeks ago now and let that tackle the issue because the left hf is in my face when the jerry goldsmith score cuts in .
could be balance issue when producing the film for dvd or it might be the same issue on laserdisc dolby stereo 4:2:4 i?d have to run the pal laserdisc to see if same amount of high frequency exists on that disc .
and don?t worry i?m not going to show any beaver shots in here !
i think there?s a good amount of low end if the hf was just trimmed down on all three matching lcr its not as if i?m that hard of hearing , i mean if i can hear the hf in face then a little lowering will not harm it .
this is one of many scenes that , has jerry?s score playing .
the subtlety of catherine tramell flinging away a fag has softness against the sound of sea breeze air and wind and score as little nip on the end of her nails , in the centre channel .
foley effects and dialogue mix is okay sounding .
softer musical cues have a lesser in my face when det. nick curran and gus moran go back to catherine tramell house to ask her to pop along down to the station for a little questioning .
the music has moody lower beat that?s chilling now that i know who did it ?
