<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>Incredible Vs. iPhone4</Title>
		<Username>PsychDoc77</Username>
		<Datetime>06-12-2010 09:16 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>I'm not sure but I'm thinking I would still opt for the Incredible. But that's not to say that the Incredible is perfect or that the iPhone 4 is not without allure. Here are some random thoughts. Screen: The Incredible has an edge here in at least one respect. Slightly larger screen real estate (3.7" vs. 3.5")...in a world where we're all using our phones as mini-computers to surf the internet, every tenth of an inch of screen is a plus. Having said this I believe that the form factor suffers too much when you go to 4.3" screens. These phones are just plain unwieldy and not comfortable in the hand. The Incredible also probably has an advantage in its use of an OLED screen when it comes to color richness and vibrancy. However, the iPhone kills with its incredible 'retina display' that is nearly 2x the resolution of the Incredible. It will also be more useable in daylight. The Incredible's display is virtually unuseable in sunlight. Processor: Probably a push here. The Snapdragon is a beast and with the upgrade to 2.2 Froyo in the next few months it should run even faster than it already does (which is already blazingly fast). However, the proprietary A4 Apple processor is no slouch and Apple has an uncanny way of getting the best performance out of everything they design. I'd call this one a tie. Operating system: Kind of an 'apples and oranges' thing here. Depends what you're looking for. The Android system has infinitely more flexibility and opportunities for customization at the expense of a bit more fragmentation and complexity. Definitely not the OS you should be looking for if you want your 82 year old mom to join the smartphone ranks. The improvements that will be occuring with Froyo are profound and should improve our end user experiences in myriad ways. Free turn by turn navigation and speech to text abilities (that actualy works and works almost flawlessly!!!) are big Droid plusses. However, you have to give Apple credit for making stuff that (as Steve Jobs says) "just works." And work they do. iPhones are smooth as butter on a hot summer day. The learning curve is effortless and a retarded person could master it in half an hour. This would be the definite choice for a tech newbie who has no interest in learning much of anything. Call handling: 1st round TKO for the Incredible. Now we all know much, if not all of this, is the fault of the truly dreadful ATT network. However we don't know how good of a call maker/receiver the iPhone would be on a decent network like Verizon. As it is now, however, the iPhone is barely useable as a telephone device. The Incredible OTOH is flawless here. Calls are clear, no static and no drops. Camera: Again a mixed bag. On paper the Incredible has another win here (8 MP to 5MP for the iPhone), however it doesn't have a front facing camera for video chats (who wants this anyway...I like not having to look good when I'm on the phone...lol). The Incredible's flash is very, very good too but I expect the iPhone's should be pretty much as good. Slight nod to the Incredible in this category. Battery life: As it is, the clear winner here is the iPhone. All that is going to change when we get Froyo 2.2 but as it is now our battery life is simply dreadful and the iPhone's is much, much better. OK, so these are just some random thoughts. I'd love to know what you guys think.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
