my diy efforts , with more to come .
i 've not posted my diy efforts before here , mostly in the diy audio forum , but i figured i would start , and i have some more fun stuff to come .
i do n't have pictures of everything i have diyed , but i will list everything here .
i have a small sealed sub using a 12 '' dayton reference 12 and 500 watt dayton amp .
i have a slightly more impressive sub which consists of a one off tc sounds 3000 driver -lrb- made from various parts they had before the `` brand switch '' -rrb- which gives much lower le -lrb- 2.3 mh -rrb- and a little bit lower fs and higher efficiency , but needing a slightly larger box .
the driver is in a 5 cubic foot ported box tuned to 21hz .
my front speakers are a temporary `` test bed '' design consisting of a 2.3 cubic foot sealed box , a 6 '' w-cone focal midbass , and focal tc120tdx tweeter with my own crossover designs .
my center is a focal electra cc900 center with my own crossover design and upgraded to standard tc90td5 tweeter .
my surrounds are a diy version of the m&k tripole using the buyout tweeters and enclosure , but different midbass drivers and again , my own crossover designs .
for my hobby , i have amassed a small but usable set of testing tools .
i have speaker workshop , atc pc pro , behrenger measurement mic , b&k measurement mic -lrb- used off ebay , i 'm not rich -rrb- , woofer tester 3 , s&l speaker tester , tektronix digital storage oscilloscope , hp 8903b audio analyzer , and hyper dynamics spl mic for high spl measurements .
it 's modest but gives me a pretty wide range of measurement abilities .
can you tell i have n't found a speaker measurement suite i like yet .
this is the overall room .
it 's a bit more finished now , that was taken right after i finished those speakers and still had quite a mess to clean up .
this is the front speakers and one subwoofer running , measured using a sort of quasi-anechoic measurement method , close mic measurements below 300hz .
this is my center channels modified crossover and modeled response .
this is the old vs new response of the center .
excuse the 1/6th smoothing on the new response trace , i forgot to turn off the smoothing when i combined the close mic response with the 1m response , and it added excessive smoothing to the overall combination .
none the less , you get the point , pretty good improvement in flattening out the response .
this is the rear surround before i finished its assembly .
you can just see the madisound sidewinder inductor in that picture .
while not the best quality parts -lrb- i used surplus polypropylene caps -rrb- , its much better quality than m&k originally used .
also the diaphragm was replaced with a new peerless diaphragm , which greatly improved the response measurements .
this shows that rear surround finished along with the smaller ones i built mounted above them .
no they are n't like that still , i was using the small ones until i finished the larger ones .
the smaller ones now work as my 7th channel -lrb- ex surround -rrb- .
i ca n't find a picture of it finished , so here is an in progress picture of the power supply of one of my diy amps .
it 's an lcl filtered supply using 22,000 uf hitachi capacitors for the c1 position , 11mh inductors , and 22mf for c2 .
the hitachi caps have a 7milliohm esr .
power supply ripple is unmeasurable using the equipment i have with idle loads , and around 5 millivolts under a peak condition .
the transformers are two 650va transformers with 45 volt secondaries .
the amp is rated very conservatively at 150 watts per channel , but puts out over 200 watts into 8ohms at .1 % distortion , and runs enough bias current to be class a to over 20 watts .
i 'm also in the process of rebuilding that power supply into a different chassis so that i can use 66mf 's per rail at c1 and at c2 , use up some parts i have around .
here is the internals of the amplifier itself with c2 showing .
since that was taken i have added 220uf elna cerafines , 1uf clarity caps , and .1 uf clarity caps for bypassing .
i also upgraded the 100uf caps to elna cerafines i had around .
due to the ultra quiet power supply -lrb- lower than any commercial amps other than the reference mark levenson , krells top of the line , and cello/viola since they also use the same basic power supply topology as i have employed -rrb- , i have distortion levels below .005 % from as low as .1 watt to 100 watts , and rising slowly after that .
s/n is so low that i pick up the shot noise of the active devices rather than power supply noise .
i have numerous other minor projects , but this post is getting a bit much .
as for whats to come , i recently put money down on 3 of dr. geddes abbey 12 speakers to replace my fronts .
there will be more to say about these later , but based on extensive scientific research conducted by dr. geddes and dr. lee , they have come up with various unique technologies and implementations which offer very low distortion , a very linear response , and great polar response .
i decided i could not better dr. geddes work and decided to build his kits .
i may do some refinements to the crossover if i do n't feel his are as good as they could be , but he has far greater measurement abilities than me , and i know what he has put into optimizing these kits .
the second big project is a subwoofer project .
inline with dr. geddes work on optimizing small room acoustics , especially with regard to low frequencies , i have decided to further optimize my bass response across a wider area by building 3 each of a broad band subwoofer and deep bass subwoofer .
his work is very similar to the harman work , and basically came to the same conclusion as harmans researchers and numerous others , more sources improves the response throughout the room .
the big difference was that he found better optimization was possible with 3 subwoofers in random locaitons , rather than 4 in the middle of walls .
the subwoofers will be bandpass designs since this method allows the reduction of distortion within the pass band .
the first of these will be some small -lrb- less than 1 cubic foot -rrb- broad band designs with a response between roughly 50hz and 120hz using dayton reference 12 '' subwoofers .
the max output will be roughly 115db 's without any room gain .
additionally i will be developing some bb subs using 15 '' b&c pro drivers in slightly larger enclosures , capable of over 125db 's from 50hz to 150hz , or so .
for low bass i plan on building something using an 18 '' driver in a bandpass box with a response from 20hz to 50hz or so .
obviously lower is nice , but wo n't be my primary focus .
while i can get a good price on b&c drivers for this , i am seriously looking at pa subs drivers for their huge xmax and high efficiency , along with a very low le , and strong bl curve .
however they do n't sell direct to consumers right now , so i 'm awaiting a leftover test driver or some other scrap they are willing to send me .
