volume v coca-cola screenplay style slides -lrb- and videos -rrb- now available ! .
link to flickr page for samples of all categories from all 5 volumes here : http://www.flickr.com/photos/21643749@n02/ for anyone who wants to experiment with the samples linked above in their home theater , these samples can be saved to your computer in `` large '' setting , which is about half the resolution of the actual slide files you 've receive from me on disc .
just click on a slide .
it will display a bit larger .
look for `` all sizes '' button on top left of slide .
it will re-display with a download button for `` large size '' .
new !!!
volume 5 -lrb- 200 + slides plus bonus video content -rrb- specs : disney trivia : 50 slides -lrb- 25q & 25a -rrb- covers animated features .
harry potter trivia : 60 slides -lrb- 30q & 30a -rrb- covers first five features .
indiana jones trivia : 40 slides -lrb- 20q & 20a -rrb- covers all four features .
movie cliches : 10 slides refreshing movie moments v5 : 35 new slides with stills from recent 2008 releases , current summer releases and upcoming holiday releases .
template further tweaked from previous volume .
popcorn & coke , etc. : a smattering of new movie snack slides now , you 're asking ... .
what is this bonus video content you mentioned ?
well , i 've created some short -lrb- 15 to 30 seconds each -rrb- `` bumpers '' that you can use to introduce themed trivia segments .
i 'm including these for the indiana jones , disney and harry potter trivia that i 've made for volume 5 .
but i 've also gone back to previous volumes and made video bits for the star wars and james bond trivia sets .
-lrb- for a hypothetical volume 6 , i may do star trek , superman , alien , austin powers or die hard , dirty harry , or jason bourne bits . -rrb-
they 're not award-winning or anything , but are a fun thing that i tried ... just to see what my meager computer/video skills could do .
i 'm sure those of you with the dvd sets of these movie series will recognize some of the backgrounds , etc. .
i scavenged desktop wallpaper pix , dvd menu screenshot grabs , etc. .
whatever i thought could be usable ... vol .
4 -lrb- 200 + slides -rrb- specs : refreshing movie moments : 35 slides -lrb- new template layout -rrb- james bond trivia 2007 edition : 40 slides -lrb- 20q & 20a -rrb- template updated to daniel craig .
classic trivia : 100 slides -lrb- 50q & 50a -rrb- , focusing on classic films .
classic taglines : 25 new slides , focusing on taglines from pre-1970 films .
template redesigned from previous volume .
thread regarding volume 4 is here : http://www.avsforum.com/avs-vb/showthread.php?t=796498 vol .
3 -lrb- 170 + slides -rrb- specs : refreshing movie moments : 45 slides what 's my job ?
: 30 slides james bond trivia : 40 slides -lrb- 20q & 20a -rrb- star wars trivia : 40 slides -lrb- 20q & 20a -rrb- movie music maestros : 20 slides oscars vs. dollars : 15 slides thread regarding volume 3 is archived here : http://www.avsforum.com/avs-vb/showt...6&page=1&pp=30 vol .
2 -lrb- 220 + slides -rrb- specs are : memorable taglines : 40 slides refreshing movie moments : 40 slides kid 's trivia : 40 slides -lrb- 20q & 20a -rrb- trivia : 100 slides -lrb- 50 q & 50a -rrb- thread regarding volume 2 is archived here : http://archive2.avsforum.com/avs-vb/...5&page=1&pp=30 vol .
1 -lrb- 270 + slides -rrb- specs are : trivia : 200 slides -lrb- 100q & 100a -rrb- refreshing movie moments : 40 slides movie lingo : 20 slides coke count : 10 slides -lrb- 5q & 5a -rrb- talk concerning the first volume is scattered in these two threads : http://archive.avsforum.com/avs-vb/s...highlight=coke http://archive.avsforum.com/avs-vb/s...y&pagenumber=1 a seperate file -lrb- encompassing all 5 volumes -rrb- contains over 35 slides for coke , popcorn , candy , trash , cell phones , etc. .
this makes for a total of over 1000 slide jpegs .
another year , and the price of everything continues to increase : blank discs -- with over 1,000 slides -- plus video clips now -- the collection has grown in size and will not fit onto a cd-r .
i now use dvd-r .
with the inclusion of the video clips , it is nearly 4gb .
petroleum prices have ended the days of a spool of blank discs nearly free after mail-in rebates ... disc cases -- if it 's made of plastic ... as discs and cases are , chances are the price of them has increased .
padded bubble mailing envelopes -- trying to track down deals ; i 'm getting relatively good bulk prices from ebay sellers sometimes ... postage -- what ?
the post office increased their rates ?
i 'm shocked !
media and 1st class rates have both increased again .
gas -- to make the trips to the post office -- the less said about this the better ... ugh !
paypal -- the % they get for their service now , prices on all the above things have n't increased obscenely -lrb- except for gas -rrb- but taken as a whole , they do add up .
with this in mind , i 'll have to increase the minimum paypal to $ 7.00 .
that is sufficient to cover the disc , case , mailing padded envelope , postage and paypal 's % cut of the payment .
if interested , paypal to : sgood3 -lrb- at -rrb- comcast -lrb- dot -rrb- net < -- i think you can figure out how to make this a valid email address .
as always , tips are certainly appreciated , but by no means necessary .
the above amount will work for u.s. and canada .
for anyone across a large body of water , pm me and we 'll figure out what it will cost to get a disc to you .
i 'm still only sharing these by snail mail on a disc .
no downloading option .
-lrb- my son 's a ga tech computer science major and thinks this is quaint . -rrb-
and once you 've received a disc , please do n't upload them for redistribution elsewhere .
i 'd like to keep them here in the avs community .
pm with questions and please continue using this thread to post with suggestions on programs to use for making and using these slides , etc. .
the previous threads are also a wealth of information on how to make great pre-show intros .
the tips and tricks you share with fellow members are what makes this forum a terrific community to participate in , and why i enjoy being here .
thanks for your continued interest !
steven p.s. .
this is not designed to be a playable disc .
it is a data disc with raw jpeg picture files on it .
volume 5 has short avi and vob video files , too .
you are supposed to use your computer and video editing or slideshow creation software to create and author a pre-show slide presentation .
then you burn you completed project to dvd and play that in your dvd player .
there are dvd players that can display jpeg photos and video files from a data disc .
however , the files as burned on the disc i provide are not arranged in a manner that is very entertaining to watch .
again , this is just a data disc , not a finsihed pre-show presentation .
if you are unsure what steps to take , please read through this thread , as well as the previous threads regarding vol .
2 , 3 and 4 -lrb- links for which are posted above -rrb- .
those threads are a wealth of information regarding what programs avs members have used to create slideshows , what background music they 've included , programs they use to burn the finished project to dvd , etc. .
