kosmocgy 's home theatre build .
lets try this again , since the forums died shortly after making my post .
i have been following these forums for some time now .
as you can see this is my first post though .
when i think of it i will come up with a better name for my theatre area than my avs handle , but for now it is a start .
starting to plan and build myself my home theater room for in my walk out basement .
as you can see from the diagram my basement is a decent size with 2 big windows so sunlight will be something i need to deal with .
i am hoping to get assistance in the way i design and complete the room .
some of my wants or needs of the room are as follows .
1 -rrb- will be the room my family watches tv as well as movies .
2 -rrb- my 2 month old son will eventually play in the room so everything has to be kid safe .
3 -rrb- the room might eventually also hold a dedicated poker table .
i have already purchased some of my equipment , and i expect to be living in this house for some time so i want to future proof the room as best as possible .
my current equipment is as follows : receiver ?
pioneer vsx-1016txv speakers front , centre channel and rear speakers ?
5 speakercraft lcr3?s surround ?
2 speakercraft aim 7 three speakers sub ?
definitive technology supercube 1 xbox 360 apple tv bell expressvu hd pvr i live in canada so use bell satellite with a hd pvr and use my apple tv for hd movies .
at this time i do not have a bluray dvd , and would like to move away from physical media since the thought of streaming media is so much more appealing , but i have not ruled out purchasing a bluray device in the future to fully take advantage of my equipment and room .
my current tv is the toshiba 50 inch dlp ?
50hm66 but that will be replaced by a lcd or plasma that we will use when watching tv and then i want a projector to watch movies on a screen that will be mounted on the ceiling to drop down in front of the lcd or plasma when we watch movies .
since i want to future proof the room i expect that i will be looking to a 1080p projector to finally have a screen about the size of 95 to 100 ?
since the room will also be used for a play area for my son as well as a poker room i do not plan to be using risers for extra rows seating .
i like the ideas of theatre seats , but i know the wife will want to cuddle .
so seat suggestions are welcomed .
when i purchased the speakers i knew from reading avs that 7.1 is the future so i made sure of purchasing the right amount of speakers .
i chose in wall speakers mostly because i want a clutter free area without losing floor space , so floating walls are something i want to avoid .
things i am looking for assistance with .
speaker placement for all the speakers knowing that my seat will be 12 to 14 feet from the screen .
there are experts on this forum that know more than i could ever pretend to know and your recommendations would help a lot to make sure i use the best speaker placement to get the best sound in the room i have wiring tips or suggestions projector type and placement tips / suggestions screen suggestions , i have been looking at the screen from monoprice since they are reasonably priced and have been getting decent reviews on this forum .
if needed i can always upgrade my screen in the future .
any other advice for things i have not thought of would also help .
i know it is a big first post , but i have seen to many times when someone asks the experts on avs forums a question only to be asked right back some basic question about equipment and such .
so i thought i would give as much background as possible .
and since i like following peoples construction posts and looking at their pictures i plan to take pictures at different stages as well to share with those willing to look at them
