anyone with a samsung 5084 on shaw cable with a motorolla hd set top model 6412 ?? .
hey all , been a long while since i was here .
my 5084 , has been working just super , except for the odd annoyance when in watching certain hd channels , theres a bit of a white line on the top , or the left side of the screen .
doesnt happen all the time , .
just certain programs , sat nite live for example always has a white line on the top. , but if its a different program , -lrb- same channel -rrb- there isnt a white line on top .
only happens now & then .
it doesnt bother me much , a few other tiny annoyances , but overall , this tv rocks !
we get comments all the time how clear & sharp & natural the picture looks .
however !
since last tues , shaw cable recently did a firmware upgrade to thier system .
now my justscan mode is a total mess !
i now , have this fat green line about 3/4 inch wide on the right side of my screeen .
the left side of my screen has about a 3/4 inch pushover , -lrb- kinda looks like a bevel edge on a mirror -rrb- .
i have talked to shaw about this & it appears nothing can be done .
we tried a new box & switching cables & adjusting settings .
to no avail this only happens in justscan mode .
i love justscan mode , thats what i always watch the hd channels in , esp those that are putting out 1080i .
prior to this firmware update , the picture was damn perfect .
now i have to watch in 16:9 mode so i dont have to see that awfull fat green line on the right .
16:9 is nowhere as sharp looking as justscan .
i tried other sources , such as the ps3 , & my pc , in just scan mode ... .
no problem at all ... .
so something shaw has done in their firmware update , has done this .
i dont think its my tv , as this green line & bevel only occurs with shaw cable .
talking again with shaw cable today , & its not the fault of shaw , per say , its actually motorola , whom this firmware update came from .
`` apparently '' ... .
its only samsung televisions that have been affected .
so it seems that its basically up to motorola to fix their firmware update & or samsung to release a new firmware update to blend with motorola 's new update .
im so sad about all of this , , , , , , , , no its not the end of the world ... .
but hd tv just isnt the same anymore , , snif ... .
guess im gon na have to get more bluray movies cheers all neo if any one else on shaw who owns one of these tv 's , has noticed a change on thier tv since last tues , it would be great to hear from you .
have a great weekend cheers neo
