gimpdog theater build .
it 's about time i started my theater build thread .
but unlike many of the threads here -lrb- not all ! -rrb-
i am starting at the true beginning of the build : planning stage !
a short prequel history , by riblet : i am single , no wife and no kids .
to borrow a quote from eric cartman : `` i can do what i want ! ''
so when i put my house up for sale last year , i started looking for a new house with very limited requirements .
it had to be a good value , with an eye for future resale .
it had to have an adequate yard for my two dogs .
and it had to have a great space to build a home theater .
after visiting 48 houses in person -lrb- and looking at many more online -rrb- , i bought a great one .
surprisingly , most of the 48 houses did not qualify .
the beginning state : the house has a bonus room upstairs over the garage with an adequate layout to use for a temporary home theater .
before starting the dedicated room , i set up the bonus room .
i had to cover a window , hang a 12 ' long heavy blackout drape , put up some black velvet , run cables , etc. .
meanwhile , the basement was analyzed .
my friends were consulted .
reams of graph paper destroyed .
all this and more to pick the right spot in the basement to build the theater .
here is the temporary setup , with sunlight blasting through a 12 ` wide 6 ' high window , and five 100watt flood lights all turned on .
black velvet rocks !
here is the futuretheater area , looking towards the daylight wall .
notice there are a few obstacles in the way , but nothing that could not be worked around .
here is facing from the front wall with the two windows back towards the utility area .
notice the return vent on the left , and the two return vents on the right .
a drain from the main floor : hvac return duct for the main floor : two return ducts for the main floor : the electric power supply is not a problem , with both very short runs from the panel , and plenty of expansion room with two 200 amp service panels .
i am working on a google sketchup drawing of the whole basement , and will do a more detailed version of just the theater space .
hopefully i can get good feedback to this thread regularly during the design phase .
i would rather make a mistake now than having to rework hours of effort later .
