long island theater .
hello fellow avsrs !!
yet again this site has encouraged and inspired another dummy to try to create a dedicated theater in their home .
i want to thank rob -lrb- rsprance -rrb- and scott -lrb- w00lly -rrb- as well as everyone on this site for their continued help .
brainstorming started out with figuring where i could put this .
i purchased a cape last year and the fiance and i are getting married next july .
as she would like to have kids as soon as we are married , this does not allow me much space within the home .
so i have decided to convert the garage -lrb- only option -rrb- .
when i convinced my finace to let me do this she really was concerned how it would look .
blah blah blah .
so i let her look at all the dedicated builds here and she fell in love with the arthouse .
basically the conversation went pretty much like this ... me - `` so i would like to do ... '' , wife - `` it better look like his ! '' .
so without trying to be a complete copy cat i did use alot of rob 's treatments and color scheme .
sorry rob , but the wife put the foot down , haha !
however when brainstorming began i really thought i was going with a 16:9 screen .
that was until i looked at scott 's `` copper fields cinema '' .
his use of a 12 ' at 2.35 screen was exactly what i wanted .
so both of these designs definitely inspired me and showed me that i could definitely do this in the room size that i have .
enough rambling , here are some specs ... room size : 19 ?
6 ?
x 11 ?
4 '' x 8ft h extension size : 5 ' x 11 ' 4 '' x 8 ` ft h converted garage 1st row : 11.5 ft -lrb- approx -rrb- 2nd row : 16.5 ft on 12 '' riser -lrb- approx -rrb- planned equipment : panasonic ae2000u axiom speakers -lrb- 3 -rrb- m50?s , -lrb- 4 -rrb- qs4s - 7.2 s axiom subs -lrb- still undecided -rrb- yamaha rx-v663 -lrb- possibly will upgrade -rrb- belkin pf60 playstation 3 directv hd reciever berkline 088 seating , 2 rows -lrb- 3 and 3 -rrb- 120 ?
w smx at proline screen here are some renderings i have been working on : a few things to note : ?
viewing distance to the first row is approx 11.5 feet , 16.5 feet for the 2nd row .
this might not be ideal , but we 'll see how close i am . ?
the current design is set up for a 120 ?
w screen .
i am not sure if this will be too big and may go with a 110 ?
w instead .
i designed everything based on this size and will test with the projector before ordering the screen .
if a smaller screen is needed it will then fit with no problem . ?
some renderings show the speakers behind the screen .
i am looking to build the majority of the stage at 2 ' . ?
i am planning to stop the soffit on the left and right of the projector so that the projector can be nearly butted against the back wall ?
the fabric panels will be gom with 1 '' oc703 and the wood panels will be most likely birch plywood . ?
the rear door in the render will likely be a pocket door , and the door on the side wall can not be moved .
the open wall in the pics has no doors or windows . ?
planning on a lutron light controller for the soffit downlights and wall sconces . ?
i plan on building a gom fabriced black frame to cover the speakers and all of the screen wall . ?
the equipment cabinet is recessed into an extension built onto the back of the garage .
my mind is currently mush !
i am done for now , but i will keep a complete photo log of all progress .
i appreciate all the help this forum has offered and i am sure will continue to offer in the future .
this will not be a fast build , with a wedding next year my money is a little tied up .
i will do most of the work myself with little family help .
so bare with me and i will update with beginning photos soon .
thanks again everyone , now you can go to town on the design .
