saratoga theater project .
i probably should call this the cement bunker/bomb shelter theater ... -lrb- see pictures below -rrb- summer is just about here and the idea of being outside cutting is n't as dreadful now that the snow is about gone .
i had a home built last year and moved in mid-september .
my first project -lrb- second if you consider the yard but that 's not as exciting -rrb- is the building of a theater .
i did the suspended slab garage thing so i could have a room under the garage -lrb- since in utah most people have basements and i thought it was a cheap way of getting extra space and having a sound-proof theater -rrb- .
i did some searching for a bit and was surprised that i did n't find anyone on here yet who 's had this type of room to start with -lrb- all surfaces cement -rrb- .
i 've spent about 20 hours reading on acoustical design so far and i feel overwhelmed of course but i 'm still really confused on how the cement will interact with what i 'd like to do , escpecially because the cement roof is sloped and ca n't be nailed into .
the lower section of my theater really makes it difficult to know how to handle acoustics and just design to cover visible cement footers that the garage sits on -lrb- see pictures -rrb- .
i really like the look of crimson colored curtains around a theater with some columns to break the long stretches of curtains up .
the curtains will remove some mid and highs but do nothing for bass so i 'm considering putting bass traps at the back ceiling -lrb- angled -rrb- and at the bottom , top , or sides of the front wall -lrb- if this is a good idea -rrb- .
i 'm also hoping to treat reflections and flutter -lrb- flutter in the room lasts close to 5 seconds ! -rrb-
using treatments behind the curtains .
some very interesting things about this project are going to be : how to treat acoustics with all surfaces starting as 8 '' -12 '' thick cement ?
* the room has a flutter of 5 seconds .
if i want curtains around the sides of the theater what are pros and cons * do i build wood walls and drywall .
* do i angle the walls in the front half of the theater -lrb- since the footers stick out and that space is wasted -rrb- * do i build 1 ' tall -lrb- or taller -rrb- shelfs to cover the footers and what , if any , treatment do they get * what fabrics or backing on or behind fabric will be needed for proper reflections , absorption , diffusion and dispersion .
* how to make bass traps that work well but fit into the design and do n't take up much space .
how do you finish a ceiling that you ca n't nail into ?
* glue drywall directly to it , if i keep lights on the walls ?
* acoustic panels ?
* stucco it -lrb- or similar -rrb- so it 's partially reflective but not as much as 2 ' near solid cement .
how do you keep temperature regulated well ?
* i have no idea if the room will need to be heated , cooled , both , or how much .
where do speakers need to be located ?
* i 'd like a large screen -lrb- around 150 '' -rrb- and i 'm not sure if i 'll need perforated to put speakers behind or not .
i currently have a 121 '' screen lit by a m20x projector but the screen is n't as large as i 'd probably want -lrb- and the project will be replaced -rrb- .
* locations of speakers for 7.1 -lrb- do i mount them in or on the columns , behind curtains , what height -lrb- depending on ceiling treatments ? -rrb-
floor treatments * the room may flood but i like soft floors , dricore , commercial carpet , ... like most people i have decently tight budget , i plan to be a little creative and use the money where it 's really needed .
some pro 's of the project : * equipment room is on the other side of stage right cement wall and there are holes to get cables and hvac to the room .
* noise escaping is n't any concern -lrb- except by the stairs but some leak is okay -rrb- * cement riser done -lrb- i just hope it 's a good height and a good location -rrb- some con 's of the project : * riser is cement and is n't moving * ugly footers stick out in lowered section -lrb- long story about the lowered floor but in short the room was to be 10 '' tall , one level but the builder and architect did n't communicate correctly and to avoid having a 35 degree sloped driveway i lost the 10 ' ceiling and the front area was lowered as much as possible -rrb- * ceiling slopes 3 '' towards the front -lrb- maybe this is good ?
it does make the room look larger because of forced perspective -rrb- * water leaking into parts of the room are probable .
i 've attached some photos of the room before and a couple ideas of what i 'm going for in design .
i 'd like a theater ` ish feel .
my vision is quite poor and i enjoy a large screen that 's fills most of your vision .
i hope the construction part to be done in 2 months and all complete around june .
looking into the room while standing on stairs .
the cement footers are visible and i 'm not sure how high to build boxes to cover them ... 3 '' high to be flush with the rest of the floor , 1 '' to make a statement , or 2 ' 3 - ' to make a shelf ?
i 'm not sure what is the best for aesthetics and acoustics .
-lrb- below -rrb- picture from center back of room .
i have no idea what kind of treatment to do on the front wall .
as much as i 'd like speakers behind the screen , i 'm not sure if i should with my room size .
i do n't know if i 'll fix the screen on the cement , put acoustic board on the entire wall and mount the screen on the acoustic board , put the screen a few inches away -lrb- board or no board behind ? -rrb-
-lrb- below -rrb- looking towards back stage right of room .
i 'm not sure if the curtains go up the sides of the stairs or what else to do with the stairs ... do they need to have any acoustic treatment ?
the stairs are n't very wide and i 'd hate to lose any more space .
the framed wall will side outside and i 'm hoping i can use curtains with no wall behind so i do n't lose any more space .
-lrb- below -rrb- looking into opening of room from basement -lrb- the shelves on the left of the opening will be where the equipment gets put .
the opening there is going to be interesting to frame ... -lrb- below -rrb- my original design -lrb- below -rrb- left because it has critical room measurements on it .
i 'm not sure if that 's enough light either .
modecalc ... -lrb- below -rrb- i have no idea if this is good or bad yet .
first sketch of curtains and light locations -lrb- below -rrb- i 'd like to get a large 16:9 and use blackout curtains -lrb- manual height adjustments -rrb- to get anamorphic viewing if that 's a good idea .
google sketchup , top view of room .
-lrb- below -rrb- i wonder if the different size footers sticking out will look bad .
my other choice is box them out the same and lose some floor space .
i also need to find out if the side columns are a good location to include speakers inside of .
i also do n't know how to get the rear speakers located and centered since the columns are offset .
maybe one of the rear speakers gets mounted outside of the column , but is that going to look bad ?
i also have no idea where bass traps need to be located , back ceiling of the room , corners inside the columns -lrb- and do i make the columns hollow and cover with fabric .
i hope the curtains allow me to test and hide acoustic -lrb- uncovered -rrb- fiberglass since this is my first theater and i may not get it right the first time .
if i can adjust things behind the curtains that could save me a lot of frustration , but i do n't know if that can work .
google sketchup , side view of room -lrb- below -rrb- i wonder if doing curtains this will way hide or make the fast that the ceiling slopes more noticeable .
i 'm slightly worried about the rear vision height interference , hopefully i can put the screen up higher but i worry it may get too close to the ceiling ... how far away should a screen be from a ceiling ?
i need to find the pro 's and cons of putting the center channel above or below the screen .
also i do n't know if the columns should go all the way to the ceiling , if i should place a decorative header in front of the curtains tops -lrb- covering the bar -rrb- and if the header should touch the ceiling or not .
i also am going to need a great idea of how to do the front area around the screen ... : / also , all the grey is concrete , i have no idea which or all of needs to be treated and with what .
