photo journal -lrb- construction & ht build progress -rrb- .
welcome to cedar peaks cinema stop !!!
click here to check out the final cedar peaks cinema photos -lrb- updated december 2010 -rrb- first of all , i want to thank everyone in the avs construction community who have helped me in the past few months and offered their input and shared their expertise which really helped point me in the right direction .
i have started with knowing virtually nothing about home theater construction when i first started thinking about doing this project .
so i honestly can not thank all of you enough for inspiring me to start my own ht construction .
this project officially started in june 2008 and main construction was finished 60 days later -lrb- framing/wiring/electrical / insulation/drywall -rrb- .
my goal is to finish the entire project no later than november 13th -lrb- this year -rrb- , which is the time when my parents and my brother?s family will come to visit us in colorado .
i had framed the basement , ran av wiring through smurf/resigard conduit and attached insulation with the help of my wife , brother-in-law , and a couple of friends over the past 2 months .
due to the time crunch , we opted to hire a drywall crew to hang drywall , tape and mud at a very low cost which saved us a lot of time and extra work and cost very little .
we also hired a master electrician to do the electrical based on the plan i provided him with .
we had already paid for a structural engineer and a general contractor prior to construction to perform a structure post move which allowed us to open up the basement into one big room instead of two divided smaller rooms .
-lrb- all photos posted on 2nd post -rrb- -lrb- details on construction on 3rd post -rrb- -lrb- details on av and misc equipment on 4th post -rrb- -lrb- contractor/dealer info posted on 5th post -rrb- what?s left to be do - as of september 15h 2008 : get with electrician to discuss final trim for lighting and electrical , including the addition of mud-rings needed on all electrical outlets , av outlets , and sconces affected by the addition of 1 ?
and 2 ?
furring strips for gom prep .
install and mount projector after testing for possible maximum screen height based on projector location , overall image , and back row location take ht seats down to basement to test for back row riser depth , width and height in proportion to screen and front row build back row riser once i know the distance from floor to bottom of screen .
order at screen fabric from seymourav once i know what the final cih will be .
build stage and screen wall and frame at screen install av rack and connect all speakers , receiver , and other components build frame for l-shaped bar -lrb- bar may not be 100 % finished by nov-13th -rrb- contact lowes to measure the basement for carpeting -lrb- takes up to 3 weeks for delivery and installation -rrb- meanwhile while waiting 3 weeks on carpet , complete the following ?
treat walls w / jm814 acoustic treatment -lrb- working with bryan pape -rrb- mount 1 ?
-lrb- side walls -rrb- and 2 ?
-lrb- front wall -rrb- furring strips to prep for gom cover all wall surfaces front wall with gom fabric to conceal treatment frame and install doors and baseboard trim install crown molding to conceal rope lights around ceiling soffits -lrb- will do this very last and may not get to it by nov 13th -rrb- schedule for carpet installation around the first of november .
install all remaining av and non-av equipment -lrb- from speakers , receiver , remote , to fridge and popcorn machine -rrb- press play and enjoy !
-lrb- well kind of ... -rrb- challenges : i will really need a lot of help and input when i start working on the following items -lrb- especially items 3 , 4 , and 6 -rrb- : building the riser -lrb- dimensions 11 ?
h x 144 ?
w x 60 ?
d -rrb- building the stage -lrb- dimensions 12 ?
h x 170 ?
w x 48 ?
d -rrb- building false wall and the diy at screen treating the walls w/jm814 and attaching gom fabric over 1 ?
and 2 ?
furring strips .
concealing/blocking all 3 windows -lrb- not permanently -rrb- framing and building the l-shaped bar
