speaker placement : bipole , dipole & direct .
speaker placement : bipole , dipole & direct by dennis burger expert advice for anyone contemplating bipole , dipole or direct-radiating speakers in their surround sound setup .
given the amount of bad information on the web about surround sound speaker placement and even the importance of proper placement , it?s no surprise that the uninitiated are often confused .
what?s more , there are so many different types of surround sound speakers?direct radiators , bipoles , dipoles ?
quadrupoles , for goodness ?
sake !?
it?s amazing that anyone other than professionals and diehard home theater aficionados end up with complete surround sound systems to begin with . ?
if you can?t get a decent placement for your surround speakers , just don?t use them at all . ?
that?s the advice of anson fogel , co-owner and chief operating officer of the multiple cedia award-winning architectural electronics firm electronic systems consultants -lrb- esc -rrb- in aspen . ?
if you can?t put them in a reasonable position?which isn?t that hard?just don?t install them , because otherwise they?re either not going to do much , or even make things worse . ?
bipolar speakers work in roughly the same way as direct radiating speakers .
instead of projecting sound straight ahead , though , they feature two sets of drivers pointed in different directions , which fire in-phase ?
both pushing and pulling air at the exact same time . ?
that gets sound moving toward more reflective spaces in the room , introducing more sonic energy in more directions , so that you get more reflected energy coming off of walls , ceilings , book cases , tables , et cetera , than you would with a direct-radiating speaker . ?
in other words , you?ve got more sound coming at you from more directions , but most of the sound is coming from the speaker itself . ?
bipolar surround speakers are so rare and esoteric these days that i don?t know why anyone is still talking about them , though , ?
fogel says . ?
the real choice is between dipolar speakers and direct radiators . ?
like bipolar speakers , dipoles feature two sets of drivers firing in different , often opposite , directions .
unlike bipolar speakers , the drivers in dipoles aren?t moving in and out at the same time , though .
they?re not in-phase , that is to say .
one driver pushes air while the other pulls .
so when the dipoles are placed properly , at 90 ?
from the screen , directly to the left and right of the listener , they create a null zone?an area in which the sound coming from each speaker effectively cancels itself out , kind of like matter and antimatter coming together , but with sound and with less earth-shattering kabooming .
the sonic information coming straight toward your ears is effectively dampened , and instead you hear virtually nothing but sonic reflections .
so instead of perceiving sounds as coming from the speaker itself , the result is a diffuse soundfield that seems to emanate from the room itself .
click here to read more .
view slideshow of 25 bipole/dipole speakers .
