a/b theater pre-build thread .
well , the miracle has happened .
even in this economy i somehow received an acceptable offer on my house , which means i need to get serious about the next house , which of course must include a theater - eventually .
i have been reading this forum for about a year now - tons of great info and a lot of ideas i plan to steal .
this house will be built in north carolina -lrb- in case that matters for the advice i will be asking in this thread -rrb- .
i hope to start working on the theater within one year of the house construction completing .
this is a `` semi-custom '' house - meaning there are 8 different house plans with 4 elevations each .
once we choose our house and elevation - they seem fairly open to modifications .
we talked to a family that built in their and they let them push one outside wall out about 3 feet .
so - as long as you are willing to pay , and it wo n't modify the structure to a large degree , it seems we have some freedom .
these guys are a regional builder , not national , and we have been impressed with their workmanship and quality materials .
in my theater i would like 3 rows of seating .
one row of theater chairs , a second row of theater chairs -lrb- maybe a sofa instead -rrb- on a riser and a final row of stools with a bar behind that second row .
i do n't know if i will have enough room - however .
questions : 1 -rrb- any preparation work i should have done to the foundation ?
not sure what that would be - some sort of wrap on it to keep moisture out ?
2 -rrb- people seem to mention waiting a year before they start on the theater is there a reason for that -lrb- besides financial -rrb- ?
this builder offers a finished basement option so i would n't think there is a structural reason -lrb- settling ? -rrb-
- but i noticed that in a bunch of threads people mentioned waiting a 1 year period .
3 -rrb- looking at the floorplan , do people think i could fit in those three rows of seating ?
i have n't selected a final orientation for the room .
what do people think the best orientation would be ?
4 -rrb- the builder told me he could stager stud that one wall - since that is a structural wall would i want to do that ?
or would i want to build my own interior wall anyway so that it is n't coupled to the ceiling/holding up the house ?
5 -rrb- should i ask for them to put a space or a crack on the foundation pour for that room ?
6 -rrb- hvac - i am not sure what to even ask for the builder on this .
there are two zones for the first and second level - but i do n't know what to ask for to insure that i have what i need for the basement for the future .
7 -rrb- any comments on the floorplan in general would be great - i might try to retain an architect to help me make sure i pre-plumb all the right areas .
8 -rrb- what questions have i forgotten to ask ?
:--rrb- the walls shown on the diagram are structural - i am not sure if they can be moved .
i would really like there to not be a wall between the bar/tv room and the unlabled room - it is a bit off topic but are there suggestions i could give to the builder on how to accomplish that ?
i could walk in and ask him how to do this , but would n't mind having a few suggestions and/or knowing the different options upfront .
hopefully , this thread will be able to help others getting ready to build with an eye towards a home theater .
here is the full floorplan : here is a cropped floorplan making the interior numbers easier to read :
