sump pits & pumps - walkout basement - necessary ? .
i have a house with a walkout basement .
i was thinking i had a sump pit , and was planning to add a pump to protect against water intrusion .
we had a plumber in for other reasons , and my wife found this out : quote : well , turns out we do n't have a sump pit .
its sewage drainage if we were to finish the bath .
plumber said that it does n't have a sump pit because it 's a walk-out basement most likely .
-lrb- nathan -lsb- the builder -rsb- is n't here with them -rrb- .
anyway , he could put a pump in but then we would n't be able to finish the bathroom .
if they were to do it there , they would have to make it where it drains out the back because of the garage .
i 'll get his contact info if we want to look into the possibility of creating a sump pit or something .
on further discussion , she learned : quote : okay , spoke to him a little more about it .
he said estimate around $ 350 to do it + labor for doing the pipes for the drains in the current hole .
i asked him about doing the bathroom down the road and he said an option would be to cut a square in the foundation , dig down , and set in a bucket to catch the water table if it were to rise .
sounds like for now at least , we can do the sump pump .
this brings up two questions in my mind : 1 .
are there normally no sump pumps in walkout basements ?
the place is new , and its been dry , but its partially finished , and in time i 'd like to add a theater and a bath .
seemed like a logical thing to add , is this unnecessary ?
2 .
given that i am likely to add a bath in the future , seems like perhaps i should n't use the existing hole ?
is there any science to placing these things ?
i think they are placed on the perimeter of the house to tie in to the french drains , correct ?
if so , do people suspect the drains run around the garage ?
they did excavate my garage -lrb- then filled it - not sure if that makes sense , but my foundation walls run up for the space under the garage , but there is no basement space there -rrb- , not sure how they would design the french drains in that case .
that said , here is a layout of my place : in the unfinished space , d-1 is where the bath is roughed .
d-2 is a logical place to add a basement bedroom .
i do n't plan to add one -lrb- if i add the ht , i need some storage -rrb- , but it has a full sized window for egress , so adding the pit at spot # 3 might be a future albatross .
the middle d area has the furnace , hot water heater , and a few other things .
spot # 2 would be beside the furnace , but is adjacent to the garage which makes me wonder if it is a useful place for a sump pit .
any thoughts ?
