need some dual-purpose room advice .
hi all .
just bought myself a kuro 5010fd and am planning the next stage of getting the most of my ht components in our new living room -lrb- oh yeah , new house too -rrb- .
i am aware of the downfalls of trying to design my ht around my living room , but we simply do n't have the room for a dedicated ht .
i hope to tap the minds of those here who have more experience than i do , which is just about everyone .
for now , i 'm going to skip the issue of trying to wire my surrounds in exterior walls with fire blocking and insulation .
i already know it 's going to be a nightmare .
1 .
first question ... what are the better rf-capable all-in-one remotes out there ?
i want to put my components in a large closet behind the wall i plan to mount the tv on , but will need the rf remote .
it looks like the harmony 890 , monster control 300 , and a couple of urc options will fit the bill .
any preferences out there ?
2 .
i use comcast hd digital cable at my house .
comcast 's motorola hd-dvrs have not been great performers for me .
i already have good ventilation for it and plan to run a good quality coax to the closet for it .
my cable is connected to a splitter for my internet .
is this harming the signal ?
any other recommendations for getting the most from this pos ?
alternatively , my tv is cablecard ready .
i like this idea because i could enable pip for it .
however , i have n't found a way in researching aftermarket dvrs to maintain pip , dvr , and on demand functions .
is there a way to have pip , hd dvr , and on demand ?
3 .
i love my onkyo tx-sr805 .
one great feature is the passthrough , allowing the avr to control the show and use the tv as just a monitor .
am i losing any video quality by doing this ?
if i get the smarter remote , i could easily still have one-touch source switching with the hdmi cables going directly to the tv .
4 .
wiring .
i really like the clean look of wall-mounted wiring housings , such as those with banana plug connections on a wall plate .
this is what i am planning in the closet wall .
is there any loss in the extra connection , as opposed to just leaving extra speaker wire to run to the receiver ?
any opinions on the monster in-wall power center to use for the outlet behind the tv ?
other options ?
5 .
old surrounds .
i have a pair of ba vrs micro dipole speakers for 2 of the surround channels .
what i 've read says the dipoles are best used as l/r surrounds rather than backs .
to put them at right angles to the seating area , they will be close to the back wall .
is it going to affect the sound by facing one of the dipole drivers at a wall 12 '' away ?
6 .
new speakers .
i have 2 pairs of new speakers to purchase .
first , a pair of in-wall rear surrounds .
i understand that the newer ba speakers are not that great .
any recommendations for a relatively close match to the other speakers in the system .
i am also going to wire some outdoors and run them off zone 2 on the avr .
i 'm looking in the < $ 300 range .
it 's a fairly small hang out area back there , maybe 15 ' to the furthest seating position .
any recommendations ?
they will be partially covered under the eaves of the house .
obviously i 'm just full of questions about this rather large project .
thanks to any advice you all can offer .
- mark
