<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>How to correctly set up "unlimited email" "popular domains"</Title>
		<Username>Gertie</Username>
		<Datetime>12-04-2009 03:15 PM</Datetime>
		<Content>Help, Fido branded Jack and using the $25 500MB data plan and using the 'Messaging' app that came preinstalled (also has the SMS folder there). The past few months, the Fido bill has shown data transmission of 500,000-600,000 kb - 500-600 MB, correct? Just over my data plan limit. I have not been charged anything for it yet. I am worried that it will go over soon enough. The bulk of my usage is email, and it just doesn't make sense to me that I am using that much. One day shows 112,000 kb. I have now deleted my 2 Rogers email accounts off of the phone. I will see if it still gets charges over the next few days. Now, the data plan is supposed to have this: "Get unlimited E-mail with most popular domains on a Fido Windows Mobile device." Can anyone point me to the fine print terms of service for this? All I can find is the list of domains. My last phone was the Hiptop so my work emails would be an issue now with the Jack, however, I just figured I'd forward them to my @Rogers email account instead and use that on the Jack. Should be okay? Last month when I saw the numbers, I called and asked whether it made a difference if the Rogers accounts were set up as POP (I configure it manually) or IMAP (when you let the phone configure it automatically). I was told either way is fine, they would be covered under that "unlimited popular". This month I called again because the numbers don't make sense. I may have looked up a Google map or browsed a graphic intensive webpage or two that could account for higher usage days. I've made sure GPS is off. But I am not convinced that my email is free. If I am not away from my desk, there'd be a few days in a row where I don't use the phone. It only in theory continues to get the email, and after a few days, I delete them off since I've read them on computer. At least 95% are plain text messages. Same ones I receive on my computer, most are 5-7kb. Even at 10 messages/day with a generous 10kb each, that's not 500 MB in a month. Using the calculator on fido.ca shows I could be browsing,downloading,mailing with pics, much more than that for 500MB. Hubby has an iphone used at least twice weekly to view youtube, and he's only using 200MB. I just called again thinking I'll make sure the IMEI is not still reg'd to the previous owner. Maybe his usage is somehow registering to me. IMEI only comes out to my name, and tech says usage is measured by SIM not IMEI anyway. I've not used GPS since summer. Say higher days were browsing or something. A usual small day is 5000-6000 kb. Ther's no way 8-10 text messages account for 5MB. Plus Rogers email is supposed to not count!?! Here's a pearl for you - tech today tells me the email has to come from one of those domains to qualify. I rephrased and asked if that meant the sender has to use one of those domains, she said yes! This is insane. I'm going to test and see if I forward from work to one Rogers account, then have that Rogers account sent to a second Rogers account, then retrieve from there, will that finally meet the fine print? Could there be anything else going on? Come to think of it, I did download to my computer a Windows hotfix to fix outgoing email last month, and used bluetooth to transfer that .cab from computer to the phone. Does BT transfer count as data? That may account for that one day. I have BT disabled and hidden except when am actually using it. I am a very light user, 500 MB should be more than plenty in my mind for a dozen email messages and an occasional browse to a website. 1-2 text msg, no ringtones, no apps downloaded, etc.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
