<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>:: NEW USERS READ THIS FIRST - Stuff you probably won't find in the WIKI ::</Title>
		<Username>Drakkhen</Username>
		<Datetime>02-15-2008 03:37 PM</Datetime>
		<Content>Hey guys, I've recieved many, MANY message over the last few weeks ranging from questions about jailbreaking to unlocking. The amount of experience the individual has had will often dictate how the dialogue continues. However, over the last little while, there seems to be an influx of newer users, undoubtably drawn here by news that there has been an unlock for new iPhones. Over the course of the week I continually found it hard to explain even simple concepts to newer users, since I would find myself using terms that I just assumed that the person on the other end would understand. I took for granted that everyone I was helping would just know what 'DFU' means when in fact they only joined the forum 4 minutes ago. Sometimes I would spend a considerable amount of time explaining something only to find out that it wasn't even what the user needed because their interpretation of 'unlock' was different than what my understanding of it was. This wastes the time of both parties and usually turns into frustration before anything positive was accomplished. So I've compiled a little guide that will explain some of the things a user may not understand when visiting this place for the first few times. Hopefully this will 'level the playingfield' for newbies, especially when they are forming questions. - Terminology and Concepts - BNIB ? Brand New In Box O.O.B - This is just an acronym for 'out of box' or 'brand new' (HOME) button ? The round button on the front of your iPhone [SLEEP] button ? The long button along the top of your iPhone DFU Mode - You don't need to know what it stands for; you just need to know how to get there. Hold down the [SLEEP] and (HOME) button until your iPhone disconnects from your computer. I know, some people say "10 seconds" or whatever, but the BEST way to do this is to turn on your speakers and listen for the device to disconnect from the USB interface. When you hear this, let go of the [SLEEP] button, but KEEP ON HOLDING the (HOME) button until you hear the device connect again. ** Please note that while in DFU mode, you SHOULD NOT see anything on your screen. If you see a yellow triangle (1.0.2), an iPod cable (1.1.1) or a picture of your mom, you ARE NOT in DFU mode. Restore Mode - This is the normal restore mode that sees less use than DFU mode, especially in the unlocking community. Unlike DFU mode, you WILL see an image of a yellow triangle or an iTunes cable on your screen while you are in this mode. Some recent jailbreak utilites call for this mode, and I am including it in here becaue it also emphasizes the difference between this mode and DFU. To get into restore mode, turn off your phone by olding down the [SLEEP] button for 5 seconds then sliding the red bar across the screen with your finger. Once the screen turns off, contiunually hold down the (HOME) button while you press the [SLEEP] button. Hold the (HOME) button until you see either a yellow triangle (1.0.2) or a 'connect to iTunes' picture on the screen. Jailbreak ? Alters the iPhone?s file system to allow writing and modifying data in specific areas. In turn, this allows 3rd party applications to be installed. Unlock ? Let?s a SIM other than AT&T operate as a cellular device in any given GSM provider. Note that when you?re at the ?slide to unlock? screen on your iPhone, which is not the same ?unlock?. ** You'll hear a lot of talk about 'unlocking 1.1.2, or unlocking 1.1.1. This, technically speaking is actually incorrect, as the 'unlock' actually occurs on the baseband of the corresponding firmware. When someone says 'I unlocked 1.1.1', they are really saying 'I unlocked the baseband 4.01'. Baseband 4.01, as I will explain a bit later, is the corresponding baseband to the 1.1.1 firmware. Activation ? Pairs the SIM card with the phone, and for all practical purposes lets the user access the springboard (home screen) Firmware ? This is the OS of the iPhone. Current popular versions are 1.0.2, 1.1.1, 1.1.2, and of course 1.1.3 Baseband ? The component of the iPhone that handles all the communication aspects of the the iPhone * Upgrading / Downgrading - When upgrading your firmware, the baseband upgrades alongside the firmware. If you are at 1.1.1 with its corresponding baseband 4.01 and you upgrade to 1.1.2, you will also upgrade your baseband to 4.02. ** Unlike upgrading, when you DOWNGRADE firmware, the baseband does NOT tag along. Instead, the baseband will stay the newest version. If you downgrade to 1.0.2 from 1.1.2 using DFU mode, you will still have the 1.1.2 baseband on your phone. This is not a bad thing. We just need to BE AWARE OF THIS. As mentioned above, each firmware revision has its own corresponding baseband: 1.0.2 -> 3.14 1.1.1 -> 4.01 1.1.2 -> 4.02 1.1.3 -> 4.03 Please note that it is essential that you understand that because of this behaviour of upgrading and downgrading, have firmware 1.0.2 with baseband 4.02 on your phone by merely restoring from 1.1.2 to 1.0.2 Virginizing ? returning the phone to 1.0.2 with baseband 3.14. This is done via scripts, and there are many out there ? some require minimal user input while other are more involved. I am mentioning this only because some people have this misconception that downgrading the FW is the same as virginizing, which is not the case. When someone says ?I virginized it?, it means (for all practical purposes of this guide) they downgraded the firmware along with the baseband and in turn, locked, re-jailed and deactivated the phone. Bootloader - The bootloader is bascially the BIOS of the phone, and for all practical purposes of this guide, will be treated as such. The most important thing to know in this case is WHAT BOOTLOADER VERSION DO YOU HAVE? Currently, there are mainly two version floading around: v3.9, and v4.6. If you are unsure of which version you have, you can check it by finding out what week your phone was manufactured. To do this, look at the 4th and 5th digits of your serial number. Example: Serial Number: 7T341WDNWH3 - This phone is week 41, and will most likely have bootloader v3.9. You may continue with the guide. Serial Number: 7N445NNTPJ1 - This phone is week 45, and will most CERTAINLY have bootloader v4.6. This guide is not for you. If your phone is manufactured in week 45 or later, you will most certainly have the new. If your phone was manufactured before week 45, then you most likely have v3.9 of the booloader.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
