<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>Clarity for those buying or want to buy iphone with jailbreak unlock</Title>
		<Username>rest_easy</Username>
		<Datetime>03-01-2010 11:40 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>This information is current as of 3-1-2010, March 1, 2010 First, some misconceptions: It's not the iboot that lets you downgrade it's the bootloader. Also that is ONLY for the most early 3g not any 3gs. I had bought the 3g when it first came out and mine didn't have the lower bootloader to give you an idea of how rare that is. So yo can forget ever downgrading a baseband because you can not. Check your build week number by going to settings - general - about - serial# the 4th and 5th digit are your build week (ex. 0 1 = week 1, 4 7 = week 47) Week 39 and below have untethered jailbreaks 99% of the time because they have the older iboot. The newer iboot was first seen around week 40 which means after week 40 build your chances raise exponentially that it will have the newer iboot. Newer iboot = tethered jailbreak tethered jailbreak = when you reboot the phone it will go into recovery, you use blackra1n (from any computer) to kick it out of that recovery and it will reboot and everything will be there as it was. You need to connect on each reboot that's why they say you are tethered as in tethered to a computer by the link cable. pwnage tool - a program for MAC that modifies the apple firmware file and integrates the jailbreak and also stops the baseband from updating. Requires restoring using the custom firmware made rather than apple's firmware. sn0wbreeze - same as pwnage tool but for windows. redsn0w - jailbreaks a firmware without the need to restore. blackra1n - jailbreaks a firmware without the need to restore. Allows you to install blacksn0w as well (only for 3.0 and 3.1 and 3.1.2) blacksn0w - used to unlock the 5.11 baseband that comes with 3.1.2 and 3.1 ultrasn0w - used to unlock the 4.xx baseband that comes with 3.0 and 3.0.1 For 3GS -3.1.2 and below can be jailbroken -baseband 5.11 and below can be unlocked 5.11 comes in the 3.1.2 firmware -3.1.3 can only be jailbroken IF you were on an earlier firmware and you use sn0wbreeze or pwnage tool AND if you do NOT have a tether jailbreak. so, newer 3gs with new iboot can NOT be jailbroken on 3.1.3 -5.12 (comes with 3.1.3) can NOT be unlocked. For 3G -all firmwares can be jailbroken. (for 3.1.3 using redsn0w it'll ask you to point to the apple firmware used to restore you must point it to 3.1.2 firmware which can be downloaded from iclarified.com among other places) -5.11 and below can be unlocked. ONCE AGAIN 5.12 can NOT be unlocked (comes with 3.1.3 firmware) How Do I Upgrade to 3.1.3 while keeping my unlock? If you have a 3GS with new iboot (usually above week 39) then DON'T. It's not safe yet. For those with 3GS and old untethered iboot I'd suggest also Not updating. For everyone else use either pwnage tool or sn0wbreeze. This will preserve whatever baseband you currently have (settings - general - about - modem firmware) That assumes you never touched 3.1.3 then you have 5.11 or below and when you use these programs it will update the firmware without updating the baseband. Which Unlock do I use? First let me say that to unlock you Must be able to jailbreak. so no unlock (now or ever) comes without a jailbreak. I don't know much about the 2g but I do know it's the easiest to unlock. Check around for guides For baseband 5.11 - blacksn0w (yes people have reported some issues but it's all there is) For baseband 4.xx and earlier - ultrasn0w (found on cydia) What are my chances a new iphone will be jailbreakable and unlockable? No one knows for sure but the answer can be summed up with this: not good. most will have 3.1.3 and baseband 5.12 and the new iboot which all means out of luck. How do I enable native tethering? Yes, 3.1 disabled native tethering. BUT someone found a hack to re-enable it. I can't say the repo to add to cydia here but if you search Google for enable native tethering iphone I'm sure you'll find something. It's a simple install through cydia and blammo, native tethering. ALSO redsn0w is said to enable native tethering as well. The official Dev-Team Blog is the BEST place to hear about new unlocks or jailbreaks. If it's not posted there or at iclarified.com then I doubt it's real. Don't believe in rumors and don't do anything until you can Confirm it is real and works. basically... DO NOT UPDATE YOUR IPHONE UNTIL YOU CAN CONFIRM COMPLETELY THAT A FIRMWARE IS JAILBROKEN AND IT'S BASEBAND UNLOCKABLE (or pwnage tool updated to preserve unlocked baseband) here's a small dictionary of some terms covered here</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
