my goodness .
plasma tvs ... .
evening chaps it 's been a bloody good while since i posted on here .
i think !
some time ago i had a beautiful , flawless pioneer 5090 that took an age to arrive .
utterly stunning .
anyway after a couple of weeks of owning it i fell over , smashed it and took an intense hatred to plasmas from thereon in .
- -rrb- i replaced it with an equally beautiful , actually , more beautiful , samsung led whilst knowing full well it was n't / is n't in the same league as the pioneer .
i went for it simply because it was so thin and utterly sexy .
my enthusiasm died the day i wrecked my pioneer so decided to go mainstream anyway , my samsung -lrb- that i do love -rrb- is a couple of years old and sometime this year -lrb- circa june-july -rrb- i 'd like to put the samsung in the bedroom and get a new chap for the living room .
this is n't a `` what tv should i buy ? ''
thread as such because i have no intention of buying one just yet .
i am , however , very curious to hear what the state of the plasma tv market is like at the moment .
are plasmas still favoured as feverishly over led/lcd as they were a couple of years ago with regards to picture quality ?
are plasma tvs still considered a good option or have led tvs caught up ?
one , in fact , the only considerable irritant i have with my samsung is the rather high input lag .
the tv i have now is a b8000 .
with that being my only major annoyance , you may well infer that i am happy with the overall picture and quality of the tv .
i am .
i would never spend # 2300 on a tv again .
in fact , i do n't think i 'd spend upwards of # 1200 anymore .
are panasonic plasmas still the best in the absence of pioneer ?
with it being so early in 2012 , this may be difficult to predict , but are there any plasmas on the horizon that i should take notice of that are due to launch in april-june time ?
cheers chaps .
it 's very nice to back .
i have to post under a new name these days as i used my real name before and did n't like the idea of my students finding me !
thanks !
pixelated .
