plasma - whats all the noise about ?! .
hi , firstly , the title is not a ditch to plasma .
as i have always been a plasma user .
the common problem i seem to be having with my set is buzzing pixels , dithering pixels , fuzzy pixels , static , ... .
call it what you will ... i dont know the correct term all i percieve it as is annoyance !
hindring and irritating .
i have spent 5hours today , trying to ensure a quality picture on my samsung plasma ps50c680 ... my bluray player -lrb- bd-c5900 -rrb- ... i used resident evil afterlife as my test disc to start and it seemed great !
not too many flaws at all , not too much buzzing or pixels goin mad ... though felt the image was quite flat n lacked punch so i tried turning the sharpness up and wow !
what ahiidden gem !
... it really made the set looked great and clear !
... i left sharpness at 45 ... my contrast around 89 n brightness at 54 ... cell light is at 15 , i use 24fps on player and dep colour ... on the tv , i use warm2 , screen fit , dynamic contrast off !
, colour 50 , edge enhancement off , cinema smooth on !
... .
any lower on brightness and im just crushing shadows . .
ideally idlike it higher but i seem to wash out blacks !
anyway , then i tried same settings for daredevil bluray ... oh dear !
on the cafe scene when elektra walksin i have almosts fuzzing dots around wall patches , smoke from kettles turning into what looks like pixel static on my screen ... .
what the hell !
i have tried evverything to get rid of this yet it wont go away , it may marginally improve but barely !
... so is this the disc ?! . .
the player i have ?!
or the tv ?!
... does anyone get what i experience on there plasma ?
this seems to not be mentioned of often enough it appears ... no disc is 100 % free from this as resident evil had it mildly in places but daredevil seemed awful . .
i have tested other blus and get this too any ideas ?
i would love someone to clear this up for me as it is a real pet hate for me !
oh too add , im sat about 7-8 feet back ... roughly ...
