lowepro slider camera case review .
when you buy an ultra compact digital camera , the last thing you want from a protective sleeve is bulk .
at the same time though , you do n't want to sacrifice protection either .
the lowepro slider family of cases for digital cameras does a great job of protection in a slim profile , all at a reasonable price .
lowepro slider specs three colors -- red , black , slate grey three sizes : slider 10 - 2.1 " x .8 " x 4 " slider 20 - 2.7 " x .9 " x 3.7 " slider 30 - 3 " x 1 " x 3.5 " water resistant outer shell soft lined interior stretch gusset with magnetic clip removable belt clip [ larger ] design and usability our review unit was a red slider 20 , designed to work with our sony cyber-shot t33 ( among other cameras ) .
the camera slipped in well , practically like the sleeve was designed for it .
the gusset wraps over the top and secures via magnetic clip to keep the camera secure inside the sleeve .
the sides and the bottom of the case stretch , but the stretch areas are recessed a little bit , which offers protection from direct impact .
the case itself is very strong .
while it 's not rigid , is it very firm and will certainly protect well in the event of a drop or other impact .
[ larger ] the back of the case has a metal belt clip .
i do n't happen to be a belt clip guy , but i actually use it to keep the camera in place in my backpack , where it spends most of its time .
lowepro wisely designed the clip to be removable , so with a little push it 's easy to remove the clip for an even more slim profile .
[ larger ] conclusion i 've spent over a week with the slider 20 and do n't see any reason to use anything else .
it 's a perfect fit for my needs , something that protects will , but does n't take up excess space or add much weight .
the soft interior lining will also protect the camera case and lcd from those inevitable nicks and scratches unprotected cameras will pick up .
the slider 20 retails for $ 20 , a small price to pay to protect an investment of a few hundred dollars or more .
pros three sizes for a great fit well designed removable clip excellent protection without bulk and weight cons limited fabric and color options bottom lineif you buy an ultra compact camera , you need a sleeve to protect it .
the lowepro slider does a fantastic job and is well worth the purchase .
purchase informationvisit the lowepro site to find retailers in your area .
all three sizes retail for around $ 20 .
