show off your images with magix photostory for cd & dvd 4 .
if you 've ever wondered if there 's a product out there that lets you create a slideshow for a grandparent and burn it to a cd or dvd , you should take a look at magix photostory on cd & dvd 4 .
it brings some great 3d effects and lots of new features to give you the ability to make fun videos or slideshows .
this software lets you manage a media library of images , movies , and audio and assemble them together into slideshows where you have a tremendous amount of control over transitions , effects , music and text .
for around $ 39 , you do n't need to be a professional to pick up a copy .
features photostory can pretty much handle all of your images from multiple sources and it supports all of the common formats ( jpg , bmp , gif , tif , etc. ) .
you can add single images or directories of images that you 've transferred to your computer from your digital camera .
photostory is also twain compatible , so you can scan items directly into the program .
there are also many ways to fix , enhance , and manipulate your images .
to optimize , you can adjust the auto - exposure / color , correct red - eye and adjust the white balance of images .
if you 're not quite happy with the image , you can adjust sharpness , change colors , adjust image detail and rotate images .
there are 10 effects that can be applied with one click .
effects include softening , sharpening , and conversion to black and white .
one nice thing is that even if you apply a whole slew of effects , the original files are left unchanged .
photostory just keeps track of the effects and edits and applies those to the original file .
photostory automatically adjusts the image resolution for optimal viewing in a slideshow and will warn you if the image has too little resolution for the display target ( tv ) .
optimization settings plenty of on - screen help and tips pop up to help you with various tasks .
while creating a slideshow , you can apply 3d effects ( like a flying heart ) to transitions ( or any one of the other 60 presets ) .
if you want to add some movement , you can zoom in to a region of the picture , zoom out from a section of the picture , or pan across the picture .
if you want to apply text to a slide , photostory includes 30 templates to get you started .
adjust the horizon of off - kilter images dialog for " camera " movement during the slideshow when you 're ready to burn your slideshow ( to cd , video cd , super video cd , dvd , or minidvd ) , you can use any of 50 templates for intros , menus , backgrounds , navigation buttons , and 3d titles .
you can also build your own menus .
if you do n't want to burn your slideshow to optical media , magix provides a free site that lets you view the slideshow online with music .
if you like a particular image , you can order a print , calendar , t - shirts , etc. .
a " 4 track " storyboard allows you to arrange your images , effects , text and audio along a timeline .
[ view larger ] for a full list of features , see the magix photostory on cd & dvd 4 functions page .
user experience after installation , i jumped right into the program without really taking a look at the manual .
i find that it 's a good test to see how intuitive it is .
in a new project , the first step is to choose and import the photos that you 'd like to use .
if you ca n't find everything that you want to put in , you can always add it later .
the next step is to add your images to the storyboard pane along the bottom .
feel free to add , remove , and rearrange .
once you have all your images set , you can start adding those touches that really make a slideshow .
i started with some titles .
you can access the title editor by either double - clicking on the slide or clicking the " title editor " button ( see on screenshots above ) , or by clicking the " text " button on the slide .
my next step was to work on transitions .
you can again just double - click the slide , or you can click the " a / b " icon that joins each slide together .
movement settings ( zooming in or out on a section of the image , panning ) and image optimizations / enhancements are applied in the same way .
once you 're all done , you 're ready to output your slideshow .
if you want to just export as a movie file , you can export as an avi , windows media , quicktime , real media , mpeg , or magix video .
these options are available in the file menu .
if you want to burn your slideshow and send it off to your grandparents , click the " make disc " tab on the top right of the interface .
your first step is to choose any menus ( like you see on movie dvds ) , and any other text , borders , backgrounds , etc. .
once you 're set here , click one of the buttons on the right to burn for tv , pc , or high definition photoshow .
the burn dialog is presented , and you 're off to the races .
there were a couple places where the program needs a little polish , but nothing that affected the functionality .
do n't worry if you see some misspellings or non-english words .
for instance , when you click the " make disc " tab , there is a button on the left of the screen with the word : " backgorund " .
if you click the " advanced " button in the quicktime export dialog , you will see a button labeled " abbrechen " instead of " cancel .
like i said , it 's nothing serious , but just one of those things that happens with software .
as i was writing this , it dawned on me : i 'm taking all these screenshots of the software , why do n't i create a slideshow about photostory with photostory ?
so , i put together a show of 9 slides that lasts 1 minute and 18 seconds and exported them as a windows media file .
it 's surely no work of art , but i hope it shows how easy it is to use the software .
photostory demo - wmv file - 640x480 - approx 14 mb conclusion magix photostory on cd & dvd 4 is a great program for transforming your images into fun slideshows .
the software is intuitive to use , easy to learn , and the multitude of output options provides great value to someone who loves to relish in their ever - growing library of images .
a slideshow cd or dvd also makes a great gift for new grandparents .
the best part about the software is that it wo n't break the bank .
for $ 39 , photostory is very reasonably priced for even beginning or amateur photographers .
pros easy to use interface easy to learn , even advanced features handles all sorts of input sources plenty of output options cons lacks some polish ( spelling and missed translations )
