kodak easyshare v610 digital camera first thoughts .
the holy grail of the digicam wars has always been a user friendly , high resolution , long zoom digital camera that 's small enough to drop in a shirt pocket .
the problem with this concept is that it 's very difficult to build a tiny camera with a decent quality long zoom .
kodak valiantly attempts to bridge the gap between micro-cams and monster - zoom digicams with the new easyshare v610 , the world 's smallest ( 4.4 x2 .2 x0 .9 inches ) 10x zoom digicam .
( view large image ) the auto exposure ( ae ) v610 features coupled twin schneider - kreuznach 5x variogon optical zooms ( 38mm - 114 mm and 130mm - 380 mm ) , dual 6 megapixel ccd image sensors ( one for each lens ) , and a large 2.8 inch lcd screen .
the v610 also provides bluetooth ( 2.0 edr ) connectivity for transmitting images wirelessly to bluetooth compliant computers , pda 's , camera phones , and kodak easyshare printers .
if all that 's not enough , the v610 also features kodak 's perfect touch technology , which allows users to correct images post-exposure ( and view the corrected result side - by - side with the original on the camera 's lcd screen ) , and a nifty panorama mode that permits users to seamlessly stitch together up to three sequential images via an lcd template .
( view large image ) kodak 's design folks really pushed the boundaries of miniaturization with this camera .
the ultra-compact v610 is stylish and user friendly and ergonomics are surprisingly good for such a tiny camera - with logically placed controls and easily accessed features .
image quality is noticeably ( and consistently ) better than expected .
kodak 's new easyshare v610 will appeal to beginning photographers , casual snap - shooters ( including those just making the jump to digital ) , family shutterbugs , and space / weight conscious travelers .
i would n't buy a v610 for myself ( or recommend it to other serious photographers ) , but i would buy it for my wife and recommend it to my non-techie friends .
sample images ( view medium image ) ( view large image ) ( view medium image ) ( view large image ) ( view medium image ) ( view large image )
