konica minolta maxxum 7d , konica minolta dimage a200 , concord 3346z win dima shoot-out .
the konica minolta maxxum 7d , konica minolta dimage a200 , and concord 3346z were judged to be the best in their respesctive classes at the 9th annual dima 2005 camera shoot-out held at the dima annual conference , preceding the pma 2005 convention .
the digital imaging marketing association -lrb- dima -rrb- , a section of photo marketing association international , has been performing the shoot-out for the last 9 years .
a panel of expert judges votes on the overall quality and the accuracy of color of the digital prints , as compared to the clothing worn by the models during the photo shoots .
the shoot-out classifies cameras into two groups - point and shoot , and digital slr .
then within each class , the field is further classified by price ranges .
the konica minolta maxxum 7d won in the digital slr category .
the maxxum 7d is a 6.1 megapixel camera with an slr body .
it 's the first digital slr to include body-integral anti-shake technology from konica minolta .
the anti-shake feature shifts the ccd to compensate for any movement .
the feature is advanced enough that a photographer can shoot 3 shutter speed steps slower than if they did n't use the technology .
the camera also features a 2.5-inch lcd .
because the anti-shake is included in the body , the camera works with virtually any maxxum af lens produced since 1985 .
the konica minolta dimage a200 won the $ 600 - $ 999 category at the dima shoot out .
the a200 is a 8 megapixel slr-type camera meant for a wide range of photographers from beginning amateurs to professionals .
this camera also includes konica minolta 's anti-shake technology .
the camera also features a 1.8-inch lcd vari-angle screen , allowing the screen to be moved in case lighting conditions are not optimal for screen visibility and allowing the photographer to experiment with different shooting angles .
the concord 3346z won the shootout for the `` best digital camera under $ 100 '' .
priced at $ 99.99 , the concord 3346z is meant for the first-time buyer .
the camera has a 3.1 megapixel sensor , 3x optical/4x digital zoom -lrb- for total 12x zoom -rrb- , 6mb internal memory , and an sd card slot for unlimited storage .
