digital camera news : 6 gb gateway photo jukebox , camera raw plugin update , diwa gold award for canon digital rebel xt .
increased capacity of the gateway mp3 photo jukebox gateway has announced that their mp3 photo jukebox will now be available in a larger capacity , allowing the storage of up to 2,000 images .
this device , which combines digital music playback , photo storage and a color display in a 3.4 ounce package will now have 50 % more capacity and a new color scheme .
the jukebox will be available from gateway and electronices retailers for $ 249 .
the new model , the gcm - 6 provides 6 gb of storage .
pictures can be viewed on the color screen one by one or in a slideshow format .
the device has a usb 2.0 interface to allow quick transfer of images and can connect directly to some camera models without the necessity of any special adapters or cables .
adobe updates their camera raw plugin for photoshop adobe has updated the camera raw photoshop plugin to add support for some newer cameras .
the plugin now supports the canon digital rebel xt , nikon d2x , olympus evolt e-300 , and the olympus c - 7070 wide zoom .
http://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop/cameraraw.html canon digital rebel xt ( eos 350d ) wins diwa gold award from letsgodigital : the digital imaging websites association ( diwa ) has announced that the canon digital rebel xt ( eos 350d ) has won a gold award .
while being offered as an entry - level digital slr , the rebel xt outperforms some of its more expensive rivals .
kai thon , diwa 's test manager says : " with the eos 350d , canon has refined the successful pioneer and predecessor , the eos 300d , by improving all the imperfect details pointed out by diwa .
both the new 8.2 megapixel cmos sensor , similar to the one used in the gold winning semi-professional eos 20d and the remarkable digic ii image processor .
our extensive scoreboard gave results surprisingly close to those of the eos 20d , revealing no major construction concerns .
diwa experts from europe and usa agreed that the eos 350d elevates the " amateur d - slr " class pleasantly close to professional cameras , at a fraction of the price . "
http://www.letsgodigital.org/en/news/articles/story_3191.html
