nikon announces the splash-proof ultracompact coolpix s2 digital camera .
nikon has announced the introduction of the nikon coolpix s2 digital camera featuring a splash-proof aluminum body that is only 0.9 inches thick .
this 5.1 megapixel camera , with a 2.5 inch lcd also includes some nice in-camera software features for red-eye removal , face-priority autofocus and exposure correction .
the camera can capture images at 5.1 megapixel and display them on the 2.5 inch , 110,000 pixel lcd -lrb- there is n't an optical viewfinder -rrb- .
the lens is a 3x optical zoom-nikkor 35-105mm ed glass lens that utilizes a `` right-angle '' system so that the lens does n't protrude from the body .
the camera has a 4x digital zoom for a total of 12x zoom .
there is a sliding cover to protect the lens -lrb- show closed below -rrb- .
the camera has good battery life - able to take 190 pictures with a fully charged battery .
start up time is approximately 1 second and can shoot in continuous mode at 1.8 frames per second .
the movie mode can capture video at 15 frames per second up to 640x480 resolution .
the camera has 12mb of internal memory , expandable using the sd card expansion slot .
as far as software features , this camera is pretty loaded .
it features nikon 's in-camera red-eye fix functionality which detects and fixes red eye effect and corrects it digitally .
the nikon face-priority af feature automatically detects a face in the frame -lrb- in portrait mode -rrb- and focuses on that area .
the new d-lighting technology from nikon lightens areas that are under-exposed while leaving properly exposed areas alone .
there is a nice blur warning feature to let the user know if shaky hands have blurred an image .
finally , there is a built in help guide that can display help on camera functions in 12 different languages .
nikon is including a coolstation mv-12 docking station for charging and sharing pictures .
the coolpix s2 will be available at an msrp of $ 449.95 in june of 2005 .
full product details
