kodak easyshare picture viewer available this week .
in a press release on their web site , kodak has announced that the easyshare picture viewer will be available in stores worldwide this week at an msrp of $ 149 .
we had a chance to see this at the ctia show back in march .
it looks like kodak is making it a point to have this on the market by father 's day .
press release : new kodak easyshare picture viewer an ideal gift for dads , grads or yourself ; share digital pictures from the palm of your hand available for the first time : a credit card - size viewer with big , bright lcd display rochester , n.y. , may 24 -- are you searching for a trendy yet affordable gift for dads and new graduates , one that they 'll actually use instead of tossing in a drawer after a week ?
look no further than the new kodak easyshare picture viewer , which is available at retail stores worldwide beginning this week ( us$ 149 ) .
this credit card - sized " digital photo album " can be slipped into a pocket or purse , but is powerful enough to hold life 's biggest memories .
with the ability to internally store and show up to 150 digital pictures with its crystal - clear , 2.5 - inch lcd screen , the easyshare picture viewer is perfect for dads who want to show off snapshots of the kids , or the graduate who wants to keep pictures of hometown family and friends close at hand .
to view even more pictures , simply insert a standard sd or mmc memory card .
alternatively , as summer holiday plans take shape , buy a picture viewer for yourself .
it 's an ideal companion for sharing pictures with friends while away from home .
this tiny marvel can even automatically update itself with your most recent favorite snapshots -- new pictures from the beach , amusement park or family barbeque , for instance -- simply by connecting it to a personal computer . "
the picture viewer makes picture sharing convenient and portable , not to mention incredibly easy , " said jeanine thiemel , marketing manager for digital viewers at kodak . "
no longer will you be embarrassed when asked by a friend to share your latest pictures , only to pull out a handful of outdated prints from your purse or wallet . "
the picture viewer lets people mark their favorites for printing or e-mail with the simple touch of the exclusive , red - jeweled share button .
by simply placing the viewer on a kodak easyshare printer dock series 3 , pictures can be printed in as little as 90 seconds at the touch of a button .
the device can also be connected directly to other printers that are imagelink print system compatible or pictbridge technology enabled .
for more information , visit www.kodak.com/go/pictureviewer /
