digital camera news : konica minolta rebates , pentax giveaway , olympus e-volt e300 firmware .
rebates from konica minolta konica minolta has announced three rebates , good until june 30 , 2005 .
$ 50 rebate when you buy a konica minolta dimage z2 or konica minolta dimage z3 .
$ 100 rebate when you buy a konica minolta dimage z2 or konica minolta dimage z3 and a qualifying epson printer .
$ 200 rebate when you buy the konica minolta maxxum 7d .
for additional details , check out : www.kmpi.konicaminolta.us pentax and acd systems gear giveaway pentax and acd systems have teamed up to giveaway some nice gear .
the giveaway is open only to residents of the us and canada and they are accepting entries until april 15 , 2005 .
they are giving away a pentax * ist ds , optio x , optio 750z , optio s5i , optio sv , optio s50 , optio wp , acd software , and wacom graphire3 tablets .
you can enter by signing up for an e-mail newsletter or downloading a trial version of acdsee 7 or acdsee 7 powerpack .
http://www.acdsystems.com/nr/lp/sweepstakes/index.asp firmware update for olympus e-volt e300 olympus has released version 1.2 of the firmware for the e-volt e-300 .
the firmware upgrade adds some additional user controls : shading compensation control - the original default setting for shading was always " on " with the older version of the firmware .
version 1.2 allows the user to turn on or off this setting that assists with the even dispersion of light to the edges of a captured image .
anti-shock function - this new feature allows the user to lock the mirror into place when they are concerned about the vibration caused by the movement of the mirror prior to exposure .
focus / shutter release priority menu selection for both single auto focus mode and continuous - af mode - this selectable option will allow users to control the shutter so that shots can be taken without waiting for the camera to confirm focus for faster shooting .
the firmware update is easily accessible from the help menu of the olympus master software that ships with the camera .
hardware calibration device overview the folks at digital outback photo have posted a nice overview of several hardware calibration devices .
these devices are used to calibrate the color settings of crt and lcd computer monitors for more accurated representation of colors in images .
read more here .
