five new pentax da lenses announced .
working in tandem with its new dslr releases , pentax has announced the addition of five new da - series lenses to its lineup .
new glass includes two additions to the da * line of high - end lenses , a new limited macro lens , and an improved version of the company 's 18 - 55 mm kit lens .
smc pentax da * 200 mm f / 2.8 ed ( if ) sdmpentax 's da * 200 mm is one of two new da * models expanding the firm 's premium prime telephoto options .
the new lens features a super-sonic sdm focusing motor for rapid , near - silent focusing , a maximum aperture of f / 2.8 , and ca - compensating ed glass elements .
as with previous models in this series , the da * 200 mm is weather and dust resistant.smc pentax da * 300 mm f / 4 ed ( if ) sdmif 200 mm simply is n't enough range , pentax is also rolling out a new 300 mm , f / 4 variant in the da * series .
as with the 200 mm version , the lens features sdm drive , quick shift focus system for rapidly changing between manual and auto focus , ed lens elements , and pentax 's protective sd coating .
the nearly mandatory ( we dare you to hand - hold this lens ) tripod mount is included .
smc pentax da 35 mm f / 2.8 macro limitedthe latest offering in pentax 's limited series of lenses , this 35 mm macro unit provides range roughly equivalent to a 50 mm version in the familiar 35 mm format .
key features include high - grade aluminum construction , sp coating , and quick shift focus system flexibility.smc pentax da 18 - 55 mm f / 3.5 - 5.6 al ii the new kit lens , designed for pentax 's k20d , looks nearly identical to the original version , but has been optically redesigned to provide the kind of performance mandated by the k20d 's 14.6 megapixel sensor as with its predecessor , the 18 - 55 mm provides an ideal zoom range for everyday shooting situations , and the updated model includes spherical lens elements for distortion correction and sp coating for glass protection .
smc pentax da 55 - 300 mm f / 4 - 5.8 edproviding a moderate to extreme telephoto complement to pentax 's kit lenses , this lens covers a range equivalent to roughly 80 - 450 mm in traditional 35 mm format .
pentax 's sd coating protects the front and rear lens elements , and the lens supports instant - switch quick shift focus technology.no official word from pentax at press time on pricing or anticipated sales release dates for any of these models .
