dcr at photokina , day one .
so i finally made it to photokina in cologne , germany .
this is actually my first photokina , so i was pretty amazed at the scale of this event .
if a company is even remotely related to imaging , digital or film , there 's a good chance that they 're .
luckily , since we currently focus on digital still cameras here at dcr , i do n't have to visit all 230,000 square meters of exhibition space .
this view was a small fraction of kodak 's space -lrb- view large image -rrb- i had a few meetings with some of the major camera manufacturers today , with some more tomorrow .
also , since most of the people from the us divisions of the camera manufacturers went home today , i 'll miss some of them -lrb- at least until ces or pma -rrb- .
while most of the latest digital cameras have been announced , this is the first time that i 've seen some of them in person .
people keeping the cameras busy -lrb- view large image -rrb- my highlight of the day was my visit with olympus .
i got the run-down on the latest fe lineup , the latest stylus lineup , and the latest addition to the sp line .
olympus has an impressive presence at photokina and their products pretty impressive .
in their fe line , the fe-190 and fe-200 will be of most interest .
the fe-190 is much slimmer than previous models , perfect for someone looking for an affordable and stylish camera .
the fe-200 features a 5x optical zoom lens for less than other compact 5x optical zoom cameras currently on the market .
the new stylus models are equally as fun .
the stylus 730 has similar styling to the 720 sw and is very attractive .
if you want a large display and easy to use camera , it 's worth checking out .
also , olympus entered the 10 megapixel arena with the stylus 1000 .
the olympus sp-510uz was demonstrated to me as one of the best values out there for an ultra-zoom camera with full manual controls , raw/tiff capability , and so on .
i think that i may receive some dings for not having optical image stabilization , but if the price is right , there 's not much to argue .
see previous coverage of the olympus announcements : four new olympus stylus digital cameras : stylus 730 , stylus 740 , stylus 750 , stylus 1000 -lrb- 8/23/2006 -rrb- olympus sp-510 uz ultra zoom digital camera announced -lrb- 8/23/2006 -rrb- four olympus fun and easy digital cameras announced : fe-170 , fe-180 , fe-190 , fe-200 -lrb- 8/23/2006 -rrb- i also got a chance to see fujifilm 's face detection system in action and it 's pretty impressive .
a dedicated processor handles processing of the facial detection system to allow quick operation .
this technology is available on the fujifilm finepix s6000fd and finepix f31fd .
stay tuned for more information from photokina , as long as my lack of sleep and reliable internet connection do n't conspire to keep the ben down .
