sony cyber-shot dsc - t200 : first thoughts and preview video .
everyone who i & rsquo ; ve handed sony & rsquo ; s flagship cyber-shot dsc - t200 ultra-compact to today has said two things .
first , & ldquo ; that screen is huge !
& rdquo ; followed closely by , & ldquo ; this thing is heavy .
& rdquo ; the t200 & rsquo ; s 3.5 - inch touchscreen certainly makes a big impression , and it & rsquo ; s this technology that has made this camera one of the most popular compacts of the year .
with an 8.1 megapixel sensor and a 5x zeiss - branded lens wrapped in a weighty brushed metal case that exudes high - tech , industrial style , first thoughts on the t200 are that it offers the goods &ndash; in terms of style , ruggedness , and image quality &ndash; to live up to the hype .
( view large image ) at 6.4 ounces , the sony isn & rsquo ; t significantly heavier than your average compact ( a comparably sized competitor that felt much more & ldquo ; normal & rdquo ; weighed in around 5 ounces ) .
it & rsquo ; s more that the camera feels dense , like a well - made , precise , substantial piece of equipment .
( view large image ) the touchscreen is definitely the star here , though .
having adjustment for the key shooting parameters literally under your fingers makes sony & rsquo ; s often deeply layered interfaces much easier to navigate .
for a quick preview of the t200 and a walkthrough of how the touchscreen interface works , take a look at our preview video : one of the most impressive features of the touch interface is the t200 's touch - selectable focus : just touch any area of the screen to set the camera 's focus point .
very easy to get perfect focus , and very cool.though testing is still ongoing , initial thoughts on image quality are positive .
even with its self - contained zoom unit , the diminutive sony seems to be capable of pleasingly sharp images and nice dynamic range .
the t200 doesn & rsquo ; t offer the level of manual control of some ultra-compacts , focusing instead on being a highly successful point - and - shoot with a novel interface .
i 'll wait until the full image tests are in to comment on whether the t200 has overcome concerns about visibly heavy noise reduction in the previous generation t100.in short , while it 's not likely to be the go - to choice for serious photographers seeking lots of manual control , familiar control layouts , and tack - sharp images , it looks like sony has packed enough functionality and features into the t200 to appeal to gadget savvy users , in spite of its hefty price tag .
look for a full review of the t200 in the coming week .
