playing it safe with online electronics purchases .
any time you drop a few hundred , or thousand , dollars on a digital camera , pda , notebook or other computing device online , there 's a little uncertainty .
of course buying something from best buy online is one thing , while cheap dealz usa out of brooklyn is something entirely different .
what can you do to protect yourself from those who make a living off of unsuspecting shoppers ?
if you have n't heard the horror stories about places like this , let me get you up to speed .
the problem seems to be most rampant in the digital camera business .
for whatever reason , hundreds of these online stores are especially shady .
they often sell refurbished merchandise as new , charge extra for things like manuals and batteries that are supposed to come with the product , and force you to call in to verify the order where they try to up - sell warranties and over-priced accessories .
odds are you even know someone who this has happened to .
my aunt - in - law got caught up in one of these shady brooklyn - based camera shops .
she placed an order for a low - priced camera and even ponied up for their exorbitant overnight shipping fees .
they lured her to call their " store " then told her the manual would cost $ 10 and they aggressively pushed her to buy memory cards that we easily twice as expensive as they should have been .
these issues are more widely reported for camera dealers , but the same thing goes for any consumer electronics or computing devices .
products designed for international markets are routinely sold to the us audience , often with incorrect power adapters or even a foreign language set for the menus or operating system .
home of priceritephoto.com , thecameramall.com and barclaysphoto.com ( more photos ) so how do you protect yourself ?
first off , start with a reputable site .
almost everyone these days uses a price comparison engine to start from .
we 've partnered with cnet for our price comparison data .
we know for a fact that they have a rigorous screening process for new merchants that includes a site visit .
the other major comparison engines probably do something similar and some offer merchant reviews , which can be helpful in determining reputability .
there are also a few great watchdog sites that will give you the inside look at a merchant .
our favorite is reseller ratings , who has an extensive database that covers just about everyone .
one other thing to do , that can be somewhat difficult , is to make sure they 're an authorized dealer for the brand of product you 're interested in buying .
step two ; do n't pay with cash or other non-recourse methods .
some stores offer a discount if you pay with check or money order .
while saving a percent or two sounds nice , you 're actually better off sticking with a credit card .
the protection you get from a bank is well worth it if you ever have a dispute .
with a credit card you can immediately dispute a charge .
the credit card company has a vested interest in protecting you , so they 'll help you push for a resolution or in some cases they 'll just give you the credit and take the issue up with the merchant on their own .
if you have a problem that is n't resolved by the merchant , credit card issuer , or anyone else , there are still places to turn .
the better business bureau is a good place to start .
i 've used them twice to resolve issues , first with microsoft over a faulty xbox drive and the second time with sony ericsson regarding a bad bluetooth headset .
it takes a little patience , but the bbb is generally very effective .
your odds are even better if the merchant intends on staying in business .
several reports into the bbb lead to all sorts of problems , like investigations into operations , that merchants do n't want to deal with .
aside from the bbb , each state has an attorney general and consumer advocacy agencies .
if the issue gets really bad , it 's worth calling them , in addition to your local police agency to further document the problem .
it 's also a good idea to reach out to your local television and newspaper outlets .
most have a " troubleshooter " guy or gal who does nothing other than track down shady merchants , publicizing their dealings in an attempt to get resolution .
while the web is a great place to find deals and even avoid , albeit probably temporarily , sales tax , there are several merchants looking to do nothing more than prey on unsuspecting buyers .
education is the best defense against such criminals .
do your research before buying , use a credit card and know your options for dispute resolution .
these steps will make the internet a safer place to shop .
