digital camera news : pentax site for slr users , kodak gifts , digital foci portable storage device ... .
pentax launches a digital slr mini-site pentax has launched a new mini-site ( www.pentaxslr.com ) to help folks shop for pentax digital slr products .
the site includes all of their products : bodies , lenses , and accessories .
also on the site , you 'll be able to find faqs , rebates , specifications and other resources about building your own digital slr system ( with their products , of course ) .
the site is titled " the new classic " and to promote the launch , pentax has announced a set of rebates which i 'll list below ( www.pentaximaging.com/rebates ) : ( $ 100 ) smc p - da 14 mm f2 .8 ed ( if ) lens ( $ 100 ) smc p - d fa 100 mm f2 .8 macro lens ( $ 100 ) smc p - da 16 - 45 mm f4 .0 , ed / al ( $ 100 ) smc p - fa 43 mm f1 .9 limited lens ( black or silver ) ( $ 100 ) smc p - fa 31 mm f1 .8 limited lens ( black or silver ) ( $ 100 ) smc p - fa 77 mm f1 .8 limited lens ( black or silver ) ( $ 75 ) smc p - d fa 50 mm f2 .8 macro lens ( $ 50 ) smc p - da 40 mm f2 .8 limited lens ( $ 50 ) smc p - da 50 - 200 mm f4 - 5.6 ed lens ( $ 30 ) optiowpi digital camera ( $ 30 ) optiowp digital camera press release photo kiosk is the pmda " person of the year " with the high growth in the digital image printing industry , the photoimaging manufacturers and distributors association ( pmda ) has announced that their " person of the year " award is going to the photo kiosk .
with cost per print much lower than a home photo printer , the kiosk saw great growth this year .
according to a study from the pma in march 2005 , digital prints created at retail stores grew 105 % , while home printing volume only grew by 1 % .
the awards will be presented at the annual pmda awards dinner on february 26 , the night before the pma show in orlando .
shutterfly and crest whitestrips holiday smiles photo contest in typical shutterfly fashion , they have another promotion , this time along with crest whitestrips .
just submit a picture of your best holiday smile to the contest site .
members and non-members of shutterly will be able to rate their favorites .
twenty five semi-finalists will be selected from the highest rated photos and a panel of judges will " look for originality and creativity together with popularity " in order to figure out who wins .
prizes : grand prize ( one winner ) : a canon powershot sd200 digital camera with a $ 75 shutterfly gift card and the winner 's choice of one of the following trips including round - trip air transportation for a family of four and hotel accommodations .
- a 5 - day / 4 night trip to new york city including tickets to a broadway show , dinner at the tavern on the green restaurant and $ 2,000 in spending money - a 6 - day / 5 - night trip to orlando , fl including use of a rental car and unlimited admission to epcot , magic kingdom , mgm studios and animal kingdom plus $ 2,000 spending money - a 7 - day / 6 - night trip to oahu , hi including use of a rental car and a polynesian vip attraction package plus $ 1,200 spending money first prizes ( five winners ) - a canon powershot sd200 digital camera plus a $ 75 shutterfly gift card second prizes ( ten winners ) -- a $ 75 shutterfly gift certificate semi-finalist prizes ( 25 winners ) -- a box of crest whitestrips premium see www.shutterfly.com/photocontests for entries and official rules .
press release kodak 's great gifts for the holiday season doing a little self - promotion , kodak conducted a survey and learned that over half of the respondents want a digital camera for christmas .
also , when it comes to " two in one presents " , respondents say that they would prefer a digital camera and printer combo over an mp3 player with songs or a dvd player with movies .
( i know , not really very good options .
what about a phone / mp3 player ? )
so here are kodak 's recommendations : best gifts for gadget lover : kodak easyshare one , kodak easyshare picture viewerbest gift for the trendsetter in the family : kodak easyshare v - seriesbest gift for the photo enthusiast : kodak p - seriesinexpensive gifts for super-moms : kodak easyshare gallery photo books and greeting cardshot finds for the holiday hostess : kodak easyshare snapshot printers ( printer dock plus series 3 ) digital foci introduces the media buddy - affordable photo storage device as an altenative to their pricier picture porter , digital foci has announced the media buddy portable digital photo storage device .
starting at a price of $ 229 , the media buddy comes in 30 - 80 gb versions .
the internal hard drive stores the images from your memory cards .
the media buddy accepts compact flash , smart media , sd / mmc , xd , memory stick , memory stick pro , memory stick duo and memory stick pro duo .
to cut the price , the media buddy has a text - only backlit lcd instead of the 2 " color lcd that comes on the picture porter .
a usb 2.0 connection allows quick transfer to you computer ( the media buddy connects to your computer like an external hard drive ) .
you can actually store any file that you want ( pictures , movies , music , other files ) and the device is compatible with windows and mac machines .
the media buddy can also act like an mp3 player .
the device has a built - in lithium ion rechargeable battery that is good for 1.6 hours of continuous use .
also included in the package is : ulead photo explorer image management software ( normally a $ 30 value ) , usb cable , earphones , ac adapter , carrying case , resource disk , and user 's guide .
the media buddy weighs 11 oz , and can be found in powder blue , arctic silver , and pearl gray .
you can also choose from 30 gb , 40 gb , 60 gb and 80 gb models .
purchase directly from digital foci 's website at www.digitalfoci.com .
