lowepro voyager c camera strap review .
from an ergonomics standpoint , the most important aspect of any camera kit in my view is often the most overlooked : the strap .
shooting on a week - long vacation with a camera that 's less than perfect in hand is usually a minor irritation at worst .
in the same situation , however , a large camera on a thin , coarse strap can make an impression ( both mentally and physically ) that wo n't soon leave you .
for larger , heavier cameras that do n't fit neatly into a purse or pocket &ndash; dslrs and ultra-zooms , primarily &ndash; having a comfortable way to tote the camera while keeping it close at hand for grabbing quick shots is often a must .
for smaller cameras or less serious shooters , the strap that came with your camera may be sufficient , but if you 've found yourself thinking , " this thing should n't be this uncomfortable , " you 're not alone .
( view large image ) enter lowepro 's flagship voyager c , a thick , padded neoprene unit with about as many bells and whistles as you can put into a camera strap .
for an accessory that most people think about as an afterthought ( if they think about it at all ) , the voyager is pricey .
even so , there are n't many products out there that can do more to improve the quality of your shooting experience , if not necessarily the quality of your shots .
design and construction the lowepro voyager c is approximately 40 inches long , with a thick and soft , 3 - inch wide neoprene mid-section .
the rather hefty strap ( it weighs in at nearly a pound , buckles and all ) is sufficiently flexible in all directions , and a rubberized grip pattern on the inside of the strap is designed to hold the strap in place and prevent sliding , whether it 's positioned around your neck or over the shoulder .
( view large image ) on this point , note that the lowepro voyager series comes in two different models : the contoured c model used for this review , and a straight - profile s model that 's ideally shaped for carrying your camera sling - style over a shoulder .
compared to the thin webbing straps supplied from most camera manufacturers , the voyager c is like having a pillow wrapped around you neck .
the extra surface area alone means that the weight of your camera is distributed more evenly : with most manufacturer - supplied straps measuring in at less than an inch wide , you 're more than tripling the strap contact area with the lowepro unit .
wide and acceptably grippy for neck use , the voyager can be easily repositioned further down on the shoulders as well , providing even better weight distribution .
continuing its heavy - duty theme , the voyager uses a double - ladder locking system on its buckle ends .
it 's virtually impossible to conceive of how this strap might work itself loose from even the heaviest camera .
quick - connect buckles on both ends are also a great idea , allowing the bulk of the strap to be effortlessly connected or removed from the camera body .
( view large image ) if you shoot with multiple cameras or bodies , this quick - connect system eliminates the need for owning multiple straps : simply order a set of mounts for each body and you 're ready to go .
being able to remove the bulk of the strap also means less folding , wadding , and shoving to try and make a thick strap fit neatly into a camera case alongside the camera itself .
( view large image ) given how tightly the double - ladder system locks up , the only possible complaint with the voyager 's connections concerns the difficulty of removing the strap mounts from the camera if needed .
it 's a fiddly system that requires some dexterous fingers to be sure , but such is the price of security .
since removing the mounts will probably be an infrequent occurrence , it 's especially hard to fault lowepro for choosing the strongest possible connection at the expense of some ease of use.a velcro - attached memory wallet , designed to hold two sd cards , completes the package .
the wallet has a nice feel , is easy to open , closes securely , and adds nice functionality without purchasing an additional accessory .
given that a strap of this size will likely have broadest appeal with dslr users , the fact that the wallet is too small ( at least in my testing ) to hold cf cards is a potential shortcoming , however .
( view large image ) like most every lowepro product i 've come across , construction of the voyager c is top - notch .
the plastic buckles feel like they 'll stand up to near constant use without cracking .
webbing sections are nice and thick , and transition areas to the neoprene strap center are double - stitched and reinforced with leather pads.in use as noted , the neoprene strap core is thick enough to adequately distribute the heaviest camera loads , and soft enough to wear comfortably even around a bare neck .
the springy material flexes and bends with easy , meaning that the camera stays put around your neck instead of sliding around like a more rigid strap is prone to do .
neoprene 's inherent grippiness , combined with the rubberized inset , also aid in keeping everything steady when worn around the neck .
even with a commercial - size dslr complete with a battery grip , metal - cased lens , and swivel - head flash unit , the voyager provides enough comfort for several hours of around - the - neck carrying time .
by comparison , this kind of heavy , shifty set - up on a traditional nylon webbing strap would , within five minutes , give your neck abrasions that look and feel nasty enough to make you think you need skin grafts .
take the word of someone who has made this mistake.with a compact , an ultra-zoom , or even most dslr kits ( like the pentax k110d pictured in these test shots ) , the voyager is comfy enough to wear all day .
as suggested , it may be overkill for many lighter cameras most of the time , but if you 're a vacation shooter who spends an entire day ( or days ) with a camera around your neck , you will likely start to find the added niceties of the voyager worth the extra cost as the day wears on.for all that it does very well , however , the voyager c is n't perfect .
i was slightly disappointed when using this strap over the shoulder : the rubberized pattern , while it looks stylish and feels nice on bare skin , does n't adequately prevent a heavy camera from wanting to slip off a shoulder .
since the shoulder - specific s model uses this same pattern ( rather than a large rubber pad for maximum slip prevention like some competitive models ) , while the voyager line may work well as an around - the - neck strap , if you want the flexibility of shouldering your camera even occasionally , the voyager simply is n't the best choice.likewise , in spite of lowepro 's claims to the contrary , neoprene is not particularly breathable .
the dreaded " sweaty neck syndrome " manifests itself quicker than i 'd like with this strap , and once this happens things head downhill in a hurry .
this is hardly a problem unique to the voyager , and neoprene does a better job than most materials at mitigating the impact , but it should be noted that there is definitely a breathability trade - off for that wide , padded section .
for all - day shooting with heavy equipment , the field tested " old towel and duct tape " method of wrapping a strap may be still be a better solution .
conclusions assuming we exclude specialty products from luxury brands like voigtlander and leica , the lowepro voyager is one of the most expensive readily available camera straps out there .
in terms of all - around comfort , it 's also the best off - the - shelf solution i 've found .
while the price is steep for a strap ( i 've paid less than the lowepro 's $ 25 street price for a cheap top - loader bag , albeit one that was n't nearly as comfortable to carry as a camera on a voyager ) , if you need or desire to carry your camera at the ready for hours at a time , the voyager provides as much comfort and flexibility as you 'll find anywhere to do the job .
in short , in spite of its minor limitations , it 's a solution that can be confidently recommended to serious and casual photographers alike .
