digital camera news : first 2 megapixel camera phone in the us , panasonic lumix fx8 , konica minolta e500 , tipa awards .
first two megapixel camera phone in the us sprint and samsung have announced the availability of the first 2 megapixel camera phone in the us .
the sprint pcs vision multimedia phone mm - a800 by samsung can take two megapixel images , vga quality video at 15 frames per second , playback music files and text message with dictation and voice commands .
the camera phone has a 2.5 x digital zoom , auto focus , flash , color adjustments , fun frames and multishot .
users can also connect the camera phone to any pictbridge compatible printer without the need for a pc .
images are stored on a transflash memory card ( 32 mb card included ) .
the phone weighs 4.26 ounces and features a 1.22 " x 1.59 " inch screen with 240x320 resolution .
the mm - a800 by samsung is available for a suggested retail price of $ 499.99 or $ 349.99 after rebate at third - party retailers and online at http://www.sprintpcs.com new panasonic lumix fx8 announced , but not for us and canada panasonic announced the introduction of the lumix fx8 .
however , this camera will not be available in the us or canada .
the camera is a 5 megapixel , 3x optical zoom with mega o.i.s. ( optical image stabilizer ) .
the camera somes in silver , black , pink , and blue and sports a 2.5 inch lcd .
for more information , visit the product page on panasonic 's site .
konica minolta dimage e500 on us web site another quiet introduction , eclipsed by the introduction of the x60 , the konica minolta dimage e500 appeared on konica minolta 's web site .
details about availability and price are unknown at the time .
however , konica minolta is calling it " affordable and very uncomplicated " .
the camera is a 5 megapixel with 2 inch lcd , 3x optical zoom and 12 mb of internal memory expandable with sd media .
full details at konica minolta 's web site canon 's digital slrs recognized in tipa awards the technical image press association ( tipa ) has awarded canon two spots for digital slrs in their awards line up : best d - slr entry level : canon digital rebel xt ( eos 350d ) best d - slr mid range : fujifilm finepix s3 pro best d - slr professional : canon eos - 1ds mark ii best digital ultra-compact : sony cyber-shot dsc - t7 best digital compact : nikon coolpix 7900 best digital superzoom : panasonic lumix dmc - fz20
