kodak easyshare v705 digital camera first thoughts .
the kodak easyshare v705 is the latest dual lens camera from kodak .
they have two versions , one that does ultra-wide -lrb- this one and the v570 -rrb- and a version that does the long zoom -lrb- kodak easyshare v610 -rrb- .
the 7.1 megapixel v705 is essentially a resolution upgrade from the 5 megapixel v570 that came out at the beginning of this year .
-lrb- view large image -rrb- i 'm in the middle of a full review of the v705 , but wanted to do a little teasing and let you know whats coming until i get it completed .
look for the full review within a couple weeks .
the v705 looks pretty much exactly the same as the v570 , except that it 's now available in black , silver , and pink .
i got the more readily available black model for the review .
it still has a 2.5 inch , 230k pixel lcd .
the dual lenses are covered by a sliding metal cover that makes a fun metallic sliding sound as it moves .
the dual lenses are paired with two identical 7.1 megapixel sensors .
-lrb- view large image -rrb- given the entire focal length range of the camera , it boasts a 5x optical zoom .
however , this can be a little misleading since , without digital zoom , there is a blank spot of focal length that is `` between '' the two lenses .
one lens provides a fixed focal length that is the 35mm equivalent of a 23mm lens .
the other lens provides the equivalent of 39-117mm .
so , the space between 23mm and 39mm is not covered by optics .
if you turn on digital zoom , this space is `` covered '' .
i 'm pleased with the speed of camera operation and having a wide angle lens .
another thing that i 've liked that kodak includes in many of their cameras is the orientation sensor .
when it is enabled , you do n't have to actually rotate portrait oriented images after you transfer them to your computer .
i have noticed some issues getting the camera to focus sometimes , but i need to spend some more time with it .
also , i 've had poor results at the telephoto end of the zoom , but again , it may be related to the focus or some other user error on my part .
i will be sure to update my findings in the full review .
overall , it 's a fun camera with a fun size .
having a nice wide angle lens in a camera this size is perfect for a real estate agents who are always on the go .
it 's perfect for taking shots of large groups so everyone makes it into the frame .
here 's one sample image : -lrb- view medium image -rrb- -lrb- view large image -rrb-
