canon digital ixus 980 is unboxing pictures and review .
ixus used to mean stylish , silvery , skinny camera from canon , well i guess with the advent of the canon digital ixus 980 is it?s time to drop the ?
silvery ?
part .
the flagship model of the ixus line features many ixus?s first : never-seen-before black body design , manual exposure settings and a 14.7 mp sensor -lrb- !! -rrb- .
are they useful ?
let?s find out now .
the package includes the camera , a battery pack , a battery charger , a data cable , an av cable , a strap , a cd-rom and a user?s guide .
there is no camera case included .
being part of the ixus family , the canon digital ixus 980 is refuses to be another brick .
the curved design and the gold/black color schemes fit nicely together .
the ?
cyber green ?
on/off button looks surprisingly well on the black surface turn the dial to change between different camera modes and movie mode .
although canon promises full manual control , it doesn?t mean you get the same aperture-priority and shutter-priority mode in the canon a-series camera .
i have a hard time understanding why a ?
for-style ?
camera can not have the proper exposure controls .
the wheel also serves as a 4-way d-pad .
you can change the iso settings , flash , focus mode and drive modes with the d-pad .
the wheel provides an intuitive way of changing various settings without the need to look at the screen .
the 3.7 x zoom lens has an effective focal length of 36-133 mm .
at the tele-end of the lens , the aperture is just f/5 .8 , luckily the camera has optical image stabilisation to minimize the blurring effects as you can see , the canon digital ixus 980 is is not the slimmest ixus camera ever made .
the curves do a nice job in ?
mitigating ?
the effect of the thickness , so that the camera still looks very nice despite its thickness .
the battery is locked securely by a locking mechanism .
the camera supports mmc , sd and sdhc cards -lrb- none included -rrb- .
unsurprisingly , the camera possesses face detection focusing , af-point zoom and servo af -lrb- continuous auto-focus -rrb- .
the screen is a relatively modest 2.5 ?
screen -lrb- 230,000 pixels -rrb- , which is barely enough for the 14.7 mp pictures !
you can customize the button to the top left of the wheel to 1 of the 12 possible functions .
i think the ?
display off ?
and wb functions are urgently in need of a separate button , of course you are entitled to think otherwise .
the canon digital ixus 980 is excels in pixel count and body design .
the manual exposure mode is a nice addition , but the lack of aperture/shutter priority modes leave us something to be desired .
the zoom range is a meager 3.7 x zoom , which is hardly a perfect match for the powerful 14.7 mp sensor .
