hp to acquire snapfish to bolster their online photo capabilities .
hp has announced today that they have entered into an agreement to purchase snapfish , an online photo service .
it looks like a great move for both organizations .
hp has a great reputation for printing , but seems to be lagging behind other companies like kodak , shutterfly , and yahoo when it comes to online photo services .
snapfish has a large subscriber base and offers many services not only to customers but to retailers as well .
with what we 've heard from kodak and the recent new york times article , there is a large push for companies to get into the online photo service market .
whether it 's providing kiosks or an online service , there is a lot of money to be made by printing digital images .
with an increasing number of camera phones and mobile services for the camera phones , providing an easy way to order prints of camera pictures , for example , sounds like a sure win .
hp has proved themselves in the home printing and paper marketplace , but to date they have not been a player in online photo services arena .
snapfish currently has 13 million subscribers and they 're growing by 500,000 members a month .
this growth is attributed to their high rate of customer satisfaction - 90 % of their customers have recommended the service to others .
snapfish offers free online photo sharing , photo storage and management , free editing tools and software , online print ordering , wireless imaging services for camera phone and color handset users , and more than 70 personalized photo products , such as calendars and mousepads .
in addition to end - user services , snapfish also provides infrastructure services to leading retailers , internet service providers and wireless carriers , allowing them to offer these same products and services to their own consumers .
snapfish is the default imaging service to all of cingular 's mmode camera phone users .
snapfish also has contracts with isps like juno , netzero and comcast , as well as electronics retailers such as circuit city .
ben nelson , ceo of snapfish , will run the new division at hp .
both hp and snapfish are emphasizing that for current snapfish users , their services will only get better with an expanded offering from hp 's digital photography portfolio .
also , they are ensuring that current customer 's information will remain safe and secure .
the agreement is expected to be finalized in april of 2005 .
