users speak out about the canon powershot sd300 .
would you like to find out what others are saying about the canon powershot sd300 ?
well , here 's your chance .
every once in a while , we 'll try to highlight some user-submitted opinions for a particular camera .
the opinions will be chosen based on the value of the information -lrb- in our opinion -rrb- to our readers .
we wo n't necessarily pick only the `` positive '' opinions or only the `` negative '' opinions .
we 'll pick the opinions that we think will be most helpful to you as you shop for and compare cameras .
to see all opinions , click through to the product detail , and click the `` view opinions '' link .
the canon powershot sd300 is an ultra-slim 4 megapixel camera with a 2 inch lcd and 3x optical zoom .
it is the first camera in the powershot line to use a digic ii image processor for even faster processing speed , excellent image quality , and crisp vibrant colors .
here 's what people are saying about it : `` best pocket camera out there !
- submitted by crescentmage on 3/2/2005 3:31:58 pm rating : 8/10pros : i did a lot of research before buying this camera , and i am sure i made the best choice .
i constantly have had people asking me questions about my camera , such as `` where can i get one ? ''
the picture quality is as good as i 've found on larger mainstream automatic digicams , and the movie mode is excellent - both video and sound .
the screen is large and clear , though this may put an extra drain on the battery life .
automatic modes work well , and the limited manual gives me the few features i would like .
it may be small , but it fits well into my hands , and the menus and buttons are easy to use and uncluttered.cons : no battery indicator until it is almost dead .
coupled with a rather weak battery performance -lrb- though i still usually get nearly 200 pictures on a charge -rrb- and you have a minor problem , though you can find a generic battery on ebay fairly cheap .
my other complaint would be red-eye .
the `` red-eye flash '' function is nearly useless -lrb- just adds a little red light -rrb- , and the software , while decent , often fails to clear up the glaring red-eye on close-up flash shots .
still , i find this to be a minor price to pay for such a small camera . ''
`` great pics , great movies , good manual mode , small size - submitted by rdalcanto on 2/5/2005 2:51:28 pm pros : i bought and tried the sony dsc-p150 , canon s410 , and the canon s70 .
they were all returned in favor of this little gem .
this has the best movie mode , taking 640x480 at 30fps , and even has a 60fps mode for golf swings , etc. .
the pictures were great , and actually show more detail than the 7mp sony , whos images big but lacked fine detail .
manual mode works very well for adjusting exposure and other things .
this ultracompact even has a custom white balance!cons : the a/v door hinge seems flimsy .
hopefully it will hold up well .
comes with small memory card , but they all do that . ''
`` do yourself a favor and pick this up - submitted by dogville on 2/5/2005 2:51:28 pm pros : 1 .
crisp and vivid colors that bring the pictures to life when printed - see to believe 2 .
smooth video at 640 x 480 30fps - great on tv 3 .
manual mode allows for great control over your shots ; white balance metering is always accurate when you ca n't decide which of the available options to choose 4 .
long shuttle mode for longer exposure 5 .
kids/pet scene mode is wonderful for capturing stills of fast moving children and animals 6 .
night snaphot scene mode together with long shuttle mode turned on capture stunningly lit night shots 7 .
small footprintcons : 1 .
short battery life , averages 150 shots with flash used , movie recording and play review .
on my vacation , it goes flat by the end of the day , sometimes 3/4 into the day 2 .
lack of in camera trimming for photos although video editing is possible 3 .
no 8 - or 16 - pic frame continuous shooting though continuous shooting is available '' `` love this camera - submitted by dwnayl on 2/5/2005 2:51:28 pm pros : i did a ton of research and finally bought the sony dsc p100 .
loved the functionality and the feel of the camera , but the photos were horrible .
almost half were blurry .
returned it to best buy and got the canon sd 300 .
huge improvement on photos and loved the size of it .
love the continuous shots .
mostly use kids and pets mode and takes crips sharp photos indoors and out .
software was vastly improved over the sony offering .
small enough to fit in cell phone pouch .
takes great video for a digial cam.cons : wish it had a docking station .
no battery meter until it gets low .
you have to remove the battery to charge it .
these are minor complaints compared to the great photos and awesome size .
i definitely recommend it . ''
`` great pocketsize camera - submitted by geoff vaughan on 2/5/2005 2:51:28 pm pros : this camera is a great size and the picture quality is great .
the features are easy to use .
i spent a lot of time researching and dont regret this purchase at allcons : it is a little pricey for 4mp . ''
