is more always better ?
( introductory post ) .
first of all , i 'm new to the website so i 'd like to say hi .
i was drawn here by howard creech who i 've read a couple of his reviews on epinions.com .
i like to consider myself a novice in the world of photography , even though from time to time i impress myself with my ability to " find " or " see " shots as i commute .
with my first camera being a nikon 3mp , i always took great shots , and particularly took alot of night shots of my car .
the problem i would get is , the sky or ground would always come out grainy or noisy .
i tended to always blame it on the fact it only had 3mp .
i figured the higher the better , even if it does come at a larger file size .
i recently purchased a canon sd630 , with 6mp , and i was really hoping to purchase an 8mp camera , thinking that would have been the best i can get in a " point - and - shoot " camera before i take the leap into dslr .
my friend has the sony n1 and i 've seen how clean and clear his pictures come out , and quite honestly , i wanted and craved that clarity .
i 've only taken a few pictures with my canon 6mp and i 've noticed i still get noise .
i think part of it is user - error , as i 've tried messing with the iso ( from what i read , thats the shutter speed adjustment ? ) .
it left me pretty disappointed , and i 'm trying to weigh my options before my 14 - day return is up , if i 'm unhappy with my purchase .
i 'm open to advice and criticism , so please post up any tips or tricks i might actually benefit from .
this camera has alot of options i never have had or used that might be part of the problem .
also , how am i able to adjust the megapixel selection on each picture ?
for example , is there a way to select 4mp instead of 6mp ?
the reason i ask is because i think i might have accidentally selected a lower mp rating , and maybe thats why i did n't get a good picture turn - out .
when i get home , i 'll try and post the picture to show you guys what i mean .
i 'm still looking for a free - upload site somewhere where i can post my albums .
