digital camera news and trends at ces 2006 .
as i think back to my meetings and briefings at the consumer electronics show ( ces ) , i wanted to step back and think about the trends that i saw with the new digital cameras that were announced and the ones that are yet to be announced .
as far as camera hardware , we saw several 3 inch lcds on tiny cameras , a lot more attention paid to product design , several efforts to hit the $ 150 price point , and further confirmation that the megapixel " war " is over .
lcd and design improvements many of the new cameras ( even the smallest ) are featuring large 3 inch screens .
not only is the size increasing , but the quality is increasing as well .
most lcds are bright in many lighting situations and viewable from a high angle ( 170 degrees ) .
with the larger screen , many manufacturers are including additional features to make the camera a picture viewer as well .
in the case of fujifilm , they 've even added games to show off the screen and to kill time on their finepix v10 .
fuji finepix v10 [ larger ] the most striking example of a strengthened design effort is hp .
previously , their r series was boxier and styled similarly to the rest of the cameras in their line .
their new r927 is really attractive with a slightly different shaped body with a brushed metal look .
another example of eye - catching design is the kodak easyshare v570 .
[ larger ] kodak easyshare v570 less concentration on megapixels this is n't necessarily new news , but ces 2006 confirmed that many manufacturers are not hesitating to introduce lower megapixel models .
you do n't have to have more than the competitors now in order to sell cameras .
companies are quite happy to introduce 4 and 5 megapixel cameras in order to hit a particular price point or to introduce new features for the user .
the $ 150 price point many of the new camera lineups that i saw now include at least one camera model that is expected to retail for $ 150 .
in the case of hp , their entire line is expected to range from $ 119 - $ 200 ( they have n't announced exact pricing for each model yet ) .
other manufacturers are also looking at that price point .
the fujifilm finepix a400 is at $ 149 , the kodak easyshare c530 will be available for $ 139 , the samsung digimax a503 will run $ 139 .
other manufacturers will be announcing cameras soon that also will reach into this same price point .
i think that the main reason for this pricing , especially with the better - selling brands is to make more room for higher - end cameras .
it is well known that the manufacturers are making the most money from the digital slr and higher end ( prosumer ) cameras .
if they can get more consumers to buy in to a $ 500 - $ 800 digital slr ( yes , we 'll probably see them go that low this year ) , they have a more loyal customer to which they can sell lenses and other accessories .
other services another area of effort for manufacturers are ways to make digital imaging and sharing more uibiquitous .
they want to make it easier to share and view your pictures from more locations .
in particular , kodak has introduced kodak photo voice , which is a service that works along with skype ( a voice over ip service ) that lets a skype caller share their images with the person on the other end of the line while using the skype voice service to walk you through their gallery .
a beta version of their software is available at www.kodakgallery.com/photovoice .
microsoft vista imaging capabilities finally , to add some eye candy to this article , i thought i would show some pictures from bill gates ' keynote at ces 2006 where a representative from microsoft showed off some of the imaging features of microsoft 's new vista operating system .
while there is nothing new about the features , there are many performance enhancements and enhancements to the look of the system .
[ larger ] [ larger ] conclusion as 2006 gets rolling , it will be fun to watch what will happen in the digital camera market this year .
there will be many more cameras announced around the pma 2006 show , including some ground - breaking products .
i was lucky enough to be briefed on several unannounced products and i 'm very excited to see these new products hit the market .
speaking of unannounced , olympus has provided a teaser for a new product that will be announced on january 26 .
here is what they sent :
