sony cyber-shot dsc - t9 digital camera announced .
sony has announced the cyber-shot dsc - t9 , the latest in their t series of ultra-slim digital cameras .
this camera shoots 6 megapixels and has a 2.5 inch lcd .
the non-protruding lens has a 3x optical zoom and , new with this camera , optical image stabilization .
this is the first camera to use a lens shift stabilization system in the " folded - path " lens .
the t9 will be available in january for around $ 450 from sony at www.sonystyle.com , at sony style retail stores and authorized dealers .
press release : san diego , nov. 1 , 2005 sony is stepping up the picture quality of ultra-slim digital still cameras with the introduction of its new cyber-shot dsc - t9 model , the first in this category to offer both super steady shot optical image stabilization and high light sensitivity .
with these sony technologies , the new six - megapixel dsc - t9 delivers more detailed images with significantly less blur and graininess than typical point - and - shoot cameras .
optical image stabilization reduces image blur from hand movement , while high light sensitivity helps to lessen blurriness resulting from low - light conditions .
the end effect is better - focused , expressive images that look more like the way you see them , imitating the human eye . "
our t series set the standard for slim , stylish , point - and - shoot cameras with fine image quality , " said james neal , director of digital imaging products at sony electronics . "
now the use of this category of cameras is pervasive .
with the dsc - t9 , we are taking this category a step further by incorporating advanced imaging technologies that ensure that you get the shot , even in unfavorable light conditions , like nightclubs and restaurants . "
get a clear shot sony is the first manufacturer to incorporate an advanced lens - shift optical image stabilizer into a camera with a folded - path lens system .
this is what allows for a compact form ; the lens does not have to extend from the body of the camera .
the model is equipped with a newly - developed lens - shift system with two gyro - sensors that detects hand movement , and automatically calculates the compensation needed to provide a clear , crisp image .
the new model 's high light sensitivity ( up to is0 640 ) allows you to capture clearer pictures in available light , giving you the option to not use a flash , which sometimes creates unwanted glare or harsh highlights .
as a result , images have greater atmosphere and more detail , even when reflective surfaces like glass and mirrors are in the pictures .
enhanced photo sharing brings your photos to life with a slim body less than one - inch wide , this compact powerhouse not only takes great pictures but also brings them to life with sony 's new clear photo plus lcd screen and slide show function .
the 2.5 - inch lcd features astonishing vividness and greatly improved color reproduction compared to previous models .
it is the perfect screen to show off your pictures as a slide show , which the camera creates for you -- without having to use a pc .
you can select up to four themes , such as " stylish " or " active , " to play back your images , complete with dynamic transitions choreographed to your choice of music clips .
depending on your pc configuration , you can also upload your own music with the supplied software .
big features , small body the dsc - t9 camera offers mega resolution at six megapixels for high - quality images , a 3x carl zeiss vario - tessar optical zoom lens , mpeg movie recording , and 58 mb of internal memory for storage and easy transfer to an optional memory stick duo or memory stick pro duo media card , now available in capacities up to two gigabytes .
as with other t - series cameras , you simply slide the lens cover down and the camera is ready to capture images in seconds .
despite the power consumption of the optical image stabilizer , sony 's real imaging processor power management system helps this model to achieve exceptional battery life , up to 240 shots per charge .
more for your memories with the dsc - t9 's slide show feature , sharing your photos right on the camera 's lcd is more enjoyable .
you can even connect directly to your television with supplied cables .
however , if prints are what you want , then you can connect the model to a sony dpp - fp50 digital photo printer and print from the convenience of your own home .
do n't think that you 're limited to basic prints with this camera ; you can even create postcards or calendars using the printer 's supplied software .
perhaps you need to print tens or even hundreds of pictures , or want to share funny video clips , then there is the option of using sony 's online photo service .
at www.imagestation.com , you can create your own online photo and video albums , order prints , or make customized gifts from coffee mugs and photo books to calendars and t - shirts .
the cyber-shot dsc - t9 camera will be available in january for about $ 450 online at sonystyle.com , at sony style retail stores ( www.sonystyle.com/retail ) and at authorized dealers nationwide .
pre-orders begin on nov. 1 at www.sony.com/t9 .
the camera is supplied with an infolithium battery , battery charger , multi-connector cable , wrist strap and software cd - rom .
optional accessories include the cyber-shot station cradle for about $ 80 , a sports pack for about $ 100 , and leather carrying case for about $ 40 .
