canon digital rebel xsi ( eos 450d ) announced .
in a press release today , canon announced the launch of a new consumer - level dslr , the digital rebel xsi ( a.k.a. eos 450d ) .
the new offering features a 12.2 megapixel cmos sensor at its core , supported by canon 's digic iii processing .
in terms of shooting speed , the new rebel is capable to 3.5 frames per second for 53 full - res jpegs ( or 6 raw images ) , and a 9 - point wide - area af system promises to speed things up as well .
in other news , the new camera features a 3 - inch lcd with live view functionality &ndash; a first for canon 's consumer - level dslr lineup .
a 30 fps feed onto the screen , combined with a display that promises to be 50 percent brighter than the one seen on the digital rebel xti , should provide a sufficiently pleasant on - screen shooting experience .
canon is getting into the dynamic range adjustment / expansion game as well , with the announcement of an auto lighting optimizer designed to correct highlight and contrast issues during in - camera image processing.similarly , canon has finally opted to get on board with the dominance of sd / sdhc in comsumer digital cameras , with the new rebel supporting these formats rather than the cf cards seen in previous digital rebel models .
announced pricing is $ 799 for the camera body only , or $ 899 for a kit including canon 's new 18 - 55 mm image stabilized zoom .
look for the new rebel in stores come april.canon digital rebel xsi ( eos 450d ) specifications : sensor12 .2 megapixel , 22.2 x14 .8 mm cmoszoomn / alcd / viewfinder3 .0 " , 230k - pixel tft lcd with live view ; pentamirror optical viewfinder with diopter adjustment sensitivityiso 100 - 1600shutter speed30 - 1/4000 secondsshooting modesauto , program , program , shutter priority , aperture priority , scene , manual scene presetsportrait , landscape , close - up , sports , night portrait , flash offwhite balance settingsauto , daylight , shade , cloudy , tungsten , fluorescent , flash , custommetering modesevaluative , partial , center - weighted , spotfocus modesai focus , ai servo , one shot , manualdrive modessingle , continuous , self timer , self timer continuousflash modesauto , forced on , force off , red - eye reduction self timer settings10 seconds , 2 seconds , off memory formatssd , sdhc internal memory none file formatsjpeg , rawmax .
image size4272 x 2848 max .
video size n / a zoom during video n / abatteryrechargeable 1050 mah lithium - ion connectionsusb 2.0 , av output , remote control in additional featureslive view , digic iii processor , auto lighting optimizer , 9 - point af system
