canon powershot a710 is digital camera first thoughts .
canon &#8217; s " a " series digital cameras have provided first - rate performance , superb ergonomics , best - in - class functionality and usability , tough as nails durability , and reliably excellent image quality since the introduction of the groundbreaking little a20 in 2001 .
the new canon powershot a710is is one of the most impressive general use digital cameras introduced this season and easily the most remarkable " a " series digicam introduced to date .
( view large image ) the a710 is is the first " a " model to feature optical image stabilization ( ois ) ; it also features 7 megapixel resolution , a very good 6x optical zoom , 20 shooting modes ( everything from full auto mode to full manual mode ) , a large 2.5 inch lcd screen ( and an optical viewfinder ) , a very useful ( iso 80 &#8211; iso 800 ) sensitivity range , and very good battery life .
the a710 is is stylish , fairly compact ( diminutive enough to drop in a large pocket or small purse ) , and robust enough to go just about anywhere .
image quality is dependably excellent - resolution is tack sharp , contrast is balanced with highlights and shadow detail preserved nicely .
colors are hue accurate , bold , and slightly over saturated , but never garish .
noise management is better than expected , across the sensitivity spectrum .
( view large image ) faults are remarkably few ; the price is a bit high ( especially for an " a " series digicam ) , red - eye will be an ongoing problem for informal / environmental / street portrait shooters , the on - board flash is a little slow to re-cycle , the 6x zoom exhibits some noticeable corner softness , and there is some very minor chromatic aberration visible in high contrast color transition areas .
long story short &#8211; optical image stabilization is a worthy addition to the " a " series arsenal .
&#160; the new canon powershot a710 is is a winner .
check back in a week or so for our full review .
sample image ( view medium image ) ( view large image )
