canon sd700 resolution test shots .
( updated to elminate the need to link to steve 's forums . )
i took some shots of resolution test patterns using an sd700 , which may help someone decide what camera to buy .
the shooting distances were chosen so the scene was a flat area about 9x12 feet for all views .
test patterns were put near the extreme corners and also just inside points 2 ' in ( diag . )
from the corners .
also test patterns were put in the middle of the scene .
so that the attachment file would be smaller , some cut and paste was done which makes the diagrams not to scale and also parts of the scene with no test patterns were omitted .
three views are presented here as attachments below , ( left thumbnail below ) widest angle , ( center ) about 2x zoom , and ( right ) maximum 4x zoom .
all looked about the same except the widest angle shot had some softness at the lower right corner .
notice the tick marks alongside each test pattern .
the fourth tick mark from the narrow end corresponds to about 1500 tvl ( television lines ) over a distance equal to the picture height .
the fifth tick mark corresponds to about 1100 tvl / ph. ( two tvl equal one line pair . )
i conclude that the resolution was around or a little better than 1500 tvl / ph at the center , around 1500 tvl / ph for most of the picture area not too close to the edges , and around 1300 tvl / ph over much of the edges .
places where resolution fell short of 1100 tvl / ph existed but were rare and only at the edges .
my own conclusion was that the image sensor and the internal processing and jpeg compression were the limiting factor in the middle of the picture , with the camera lens being the limiting factor at the corners and edges .
with some zoom , the picture quality at the edges was better .
widest angle view was hand held , other zoom views were shot from a tripod with the self timer .
image stabilization was off .
camera was set to largest pixel count and file size , and superfine mode .
shooting conditions were outdoors , sunny day , subject in open shade .
___________ ( finally figured this out ) internet explorer users : to properly click to enlarge these attachments you need to disable size - to - fit otherwise what you see becomes meaningless .
click tools in the browser menu bar and choose internet options .
in the little window click advanced , scroll down to multimedia , and uncheck enable automatic image resizing .
other browser ( such as aol ) users may also need to prevent resizing or otherwise zoom the images .
