digital camera news : sandisk 4 gb sdhc card , new fujifilm logo , waterproof wrist camera .
sandisk announces 4 gb sdhc memory card sandisk has joined the ranks of companies offering sdhc memory cards .
the sdhc media is the same size as a standard sd ( secure digital ) card , but will not work in devices that do n't support sdhc media .
the sdhc cards adhere to an sd 2.00 standard and will get up to capacities of 32 gb .
the sandisk sdhc card is rated for class 2 speed which guarantees a minimum sustained transfer rate of 2mb / sec .
sandisk 's sdhc card will be bundled with micromate usb 2.0 reader that can read either sd or sdhc media .
the media will be labeled with the sdhc logo and will be available in july for a retail price of $ 199 for the card and bundled reader .
for more details , see : http://www.sandisk.com/sdhc/ new logo for fujifilm starting october 1 , a new holding company structure will be adopted for fujifilm .
fujifilm holdings corporation will become the new holding company that oversees management of fujifilm corporation and fuji xerox co. , ltd. .
fujifilm corporation will take on the current business of fujifilm .
along with this , fujifilm corporation will update its logo to " express its commitment to advanced technologies " with a sharp accent in the middle of the logo .
also , " the dash of red expresses its determination for continuous innovation " .
for more details and a nice history of their logo , see : http://www.fujifilm.com/news/n060712.html waterproof wrist camera from go pro heavily targeted at extreme sports enthusiasts , the digital hero camera from go pro is a wrist - mounted , waterproof camera .
the camera takes pictures at vga ( 640x480 ) resolution and is powered by a single aaa battery .
it 's also waterproof to 30 feet in a shock resistant polycarbonate housing .
the 32 mb of internal memory can store 260 images .
ten second video clips can also be captured at a resolution of 320x240 pixels .
the neoprene wrist strap is wide and comfortable and allows the camera to lay flat against your arm or pivot up to vertical for a better picture taking position .
the digital hero is available for $ 80 .
currently , they are back - ordered until tomorrow , so checkout their site if you 're interested .
image from www.goprocamera.com : for more info , see http://www.goprocamera.com/
