t200 successor , sony cyber-shot dsc-t300 , unveiled .
the sony t200 continues to be one of the most popular , most searched for cameras out there , but in an announcement this afternoon sony indicated its intention to replace the device with a new model , the cyber-shot dsc-t300 .
baseline specs for the t300 are similar to its predecessor : 10.1 megapixel sensor -lrb- upgraded from 8.1 -rrb- , a 5x carl zeiss zoom , and super steadyshot mechanical image stabilization .
of course , much of the draw for this camera will undoubtedly focus on the fact that the t300 also keeps the t200 's 3.5-inch touch screen .
overall , little has changed from a design standpoint , with the t300 sharing the t200 's basic look and sliding lens cover .
the rest of the refresh focuses on soft features ; as with the rest of its lineup updates , sony is hyping a load of new tech for the t300 .
sony 's smile shutter feature -lrb- which allows the camera to fire only when faces in the frame are smiling -rrb- gets an update that works in conjunction with modified face detection technology to distinguish between child and adult faces and prioritize them .
a reworked dynamic range optimizer now has the ability to separately analyze different areas of the composition and make multi-segment d-range adjustments .
a t300-exclusive real color mode adds a lighter-saturation option beyond the t200 's standard and vivid selections , designed with users who prefer to post-process in mind .
we could n't be happier about this turn of events , and hope sony 's neutral color option will find its way into other models -lrb- and other brands -rrb- soon .
alternately , if you want to handle all post-processing in camera , the t300 also allows users to apply a built-in unsharp mask sharpening process a la photoshop .
for novice users and those looking for a quick and easy shooting experience , the t300 adds sony 's iscn intelligent scene recognition -lrb- which automatically selects an appropriate scene preset based on conditions -rrb- , as well as the stripped-option easy shooting mode .
a new slide show playback mode with music support and lots of other bells and whistles , and a feature that uses face detection technology to allow searching photos for a specific face , complete the onslaught of upgraded and updated in-camera specs .
as with the t200 , expect the t300 to command a premium price : current msrp is $ 399 , but even at this price point , with the device slated for march release you might want to go ahead and get in line.sony dsc-t300 specifications : sensor10 .1 megapixel , 1/2 .3 '' super had ccdzoom5x -lrb- 33-165mm -rrb- carl zeiss vario-tessar , f/3 .5 -4.4 lcd/viewfinder3 .5 '' , 230k-pixel hybrid tft lcd with touch interfacesensitivityiso 80-3200shutter speed60-1 / 1000 secondsshooting modesauto , program , easy shooting , high sensitivity , scene , moviescene presetstwilight , twilight portrait , soft snap , landscape , beach , snow , fireworks , hi-speed shutter , smile shutter , underwater white balance settingsauto , daylight , cloudy , fluorescent 1 , fluorescent 2 , fluorescent 3 , incandescent , flash , underwatermetering modesmulti , center , spot focus modesmulti af , center af , spot af , flexible spot af , four approximate distance af modes , macro , close focusdrive modesnormal , burstflash modesauto , forced on , slow synchro , forced off self timer settings10 seconds , 2 seconds , off memory formatsmemory stick duo , memory stick pro duo internal memory 15 mbfile formatsjpeg , mpegmax .
image size3648x2736 max .
video size 640x480 , 30 fps zoom during video nobatteryrechargeable 680 mah lithium-ion connectionsusb 2.0 , av output , dc inputadditional featuresface detection , improved smile shutter , adult/child face detection , dro plus , real color mode , iscn , easy shooting mode , favorites , face search , new slide show , unsharp mask retouch , happy face retouch
