using online photo services to create your holiday cards .
as we move past one holiday , it 's time to get ready for another .
in my household , we tackle two projects involving digital images that we 've gathered over the past year : holiday cards and photo calendars .
in this article , i just wanted to give you a rundown of the products and tools at a few popular online photo services in the context of ordering holiday greeting cards .
for this article , i 'm going to stick with shutterfly , snapfish and the kodak gallery .
there are other services out there , some that concentrate on printed items ( dotphoto.com ) , and some that concentrate on sharing ( flickr ) , but the three that i 'll cover are probably the most popular.for all the sites , the procedure is pretty much the same : add pictures to the online album and then fix or enhance any images that need it .
once your images are all ready to go , all you have to do is browse through the store for the card design that you want to order .
after choosing a card , you get a chance to customize it , by adding your picture ( s ) and the text that you want in the greeting card .
once the card is ready , choose your shipping options , add the order to your cart , and checkout like you would normally do on an e-commerce site .
there are a couple minor variations when it comes to each site 's tools and when you get to shipping options , which i 'll mention below.shutterflyshutterfly has several ways to upload images .
the simplest is a " form upload " field , that lets you browse your computer for the file ( s ) to upload .
by this method , you can upload up to 10 images at a time .
another option is to use the " picture upload assistant " which is a browser plugin that provides a more robust interface to choose and upload images.shutterfly picture upload assistantyet another option to upload images is to download and install shutterfly studio - a free stand - alone application that lets organize and edit the images on your computer .
you can also use it to upload images to shutterfly and to order shutterfly products.once your image is uploaded , you can choose to fix or enhance your image .
if you do n't need to , then you can safely skip this paragraph .
you can fix red - eye , crop , add effects ( like b & w , soft focus ) , or add borders to your image .
you can also do any rotating that you need to do.once your image is already to go , it 's time to choose your greeting card !
use the " shutterfly store " tab along the top of the site to start browsing to the product that you want to use .
there are quite a few card styles to choose from .
some can even handle up to 8 pictures .
take your time and have fun looking around .
once you 've decided on a product , you can start customizing it .
it 's a very simple process to choose which image ( s ) you want on the card .
the next step is to apply a greeting , which is also very self - explanatory.at shutterfly , you can have the cards send directly to you , or you can have them add postage and send out the cards directly to the people on your list .
if you choose the latter , you 're able to set a customized greeting for each individual .
if you have a large list , not to worry , you can import your recipient list from outlook , outlook express , palm desktop , mac address book , or entourage.once your recipients are in there , you can customize greetings , preview the final card , then add it to your cart and finish your transaction like a typical e-commerce site.shutterfly does a really good job with their site ( in my opinion ) and one can get into a lot of " trouble " with all of the items that you can get pictures printed on .
there are photo books , calendars , clothing , mugs , and so on .
it 's pretty amazing to see the range of items that they can print images on.snapfishwhen you upload pictures at snapfish , the preferred method is to use their quickupload tool .
the quickupload tool is a browser plugin that provides a nice interface to choose multiple images .
if you want , you can upload images one at a time or you can actually email images to be added to your albums.snapfish quickupload toolif your images need to be re-touched , you 'll find a menu of options pretty similar to the one at shutterfly : once you 're set , head to the " store " ( via a tab on the top of the site ) .
card customization is similar to what you 've seen before , and snapfish also has the options to import a recipient list .
however , i did n't see a way to set a customized greeting for each individual .
snapfish does have an additional shipping option , however .
you can have snapfish stamp and address the envelopes , but send them to you , so you can add your handwritten greeting.kodak gallerythe kodak gallery also has their own upload tool .
and again , you can use a simpler file upload form .
this simpler form comes in handy if you 're at a different computer than you normally are since nothing has to be installed .
kodak 's easy upload does a nice job of showing upload progress , as you can see below .
their plugin uses the standard file choose dialog box from your computer , to add multiple files to a list .
when you click " start upload " , the selected images are uploaded one at a time.if your images need to be re-touched , you 'll find a menu of options pretty similar to the one at shutterfly and snapfish : once you 're set , head to the " shop " ( via a tab on the top of the site ) .
kodak 's card customization tool is actually pretty cool .
it 's a flash - based customizer that lets you drag and drop images , enter text and do other customizations without " refreshing " the web page.kodak 's drag and drop interface ( view large image ) text dialog box to customize card ( view large image ) at the kodak gallery , you are n't able to send your holiday cards directly to the recipient .
there is some flexilbility in shipping options though : you can ship to yourself or another recipient.conclusionif you ' ver never ordered holiday greeting cards online , i highly recommend that you try it out .
the online services out there have lots of great features to make the process fun , easy , and very useful ( like shipping directly to the card recipient ) .
i do n't have any loyalty to a particular site - i usually just pick the one that has the best price and has the " features " that i need .
using an online service also keeps you out of the holiday season crowds at the store , which , to me , is the single best feature of e-commerce .
