digital camera news : enthusiast camera round up , nikon encryptng raw files , cell phone images as evidence .
ways to use your tax refund according to pc mag , one of the best things to do with your tax refund is to take advantage of dropping prices on " enthusiast " cameras .
they round up of five of these cameras , each high - quality cameras that have their own strengths .
canon powershot g6 - " ... will provide top - notch images and features while leaving you with enough room in your bag for plenty of stuff ... " konica minolta dimage a2 - " ... check out the long 7x optical zoom lens and anti-shake feature on the konica minolta dimage a2 ... " olympus c - 8080 wide zoom - " ... top choice for serious shooters , it offers excellent picture quality and good feature depth . "
nikon coolpix 8400 - " ... if you do a lot of landscape or architecture shooting , the nikon coolpix 8400 offers the widest - angle lens we 've seen on a digital camera ... " fujifilm finepix s7000 zoom - " ... lets you capture images at up to 12 megapixels ( interpolated ) ... " full article nikon encrypting white balance data in raw files reported at photoshopnews.com , nikon has started encrypting the white balance data that the d2x stores when shooting in raw mode .
in a forum posting , thomas knoll , chief engineer and the original author of photoshop explained the consequences of encrypted data - third party data readers are now not able to reverse engineer the file format without fear of legal repercussions under the dmca .
full article camera phone pictures as criminal evidence a supreme court judge in north carolina must rule on the admissability of pictures taken with a cell phone in a criminal case .
police obtained images from sprint taken by the cell phone of a man charged with indecent behavior ( sprint stores all images taken by phone users on their servers ) .
the man used the cell phone to take some pictures that the police hope to use as evidence .
this ruling may set a precedent about the use of camera phone pictures as evidence since up until now , there have been no criminal cases that have included such evidence .
