canon eos 50d 15mp dslr camera unboxing and review .
a little review on canon eos 50d from us .... .
since their announcement , the nikon d700 and d90 had withheld the spotlight for sometime .
of course it didn?t take canon too long to come up with its own innovation : canon eos 50d and eos 5d mark ii .
besides the leap in pixel count ( 10.1 mp to 15.1 mp ) , the 50d does have some minor improvements here and there that make it one - step closer to the high - end eos cameras .
is it a good buy ?
let?s find out now .
inside the hefty package there are the camera , a battery , a charger , a data cable , an av cable , a cd - rom and a user?s guide .
the camera strap , which has red linings , indicates the 50d ?
s alignment to the high - end sector .
like the 40d , the body is fortified by a magnesium frame inside .
canon claims that the 50d ?
s body is more dust - proof than the 40d due to better construction and smaller gaps .
it?s got a silver dial !
this is probably the most significant cosmetic difference between the 40d and the 50d .
also new to the 50d is the creative auto mode that allows you to specify the depth of field and auto - exposure compensation and let the camera decide the rest .
the top of the camera is a bit crowded with 4 small buttons and a secondary display .
the secondary display provides a lot of useful information at a glance so you can safely turn off the main display most of the time .
compact flash ( cf ) or secure digital ( sd ) ?
i like sd cards more since it can offer the same capacity and speed as the cf cards with less space and weight .
unlike the 1d / 1ds mark iii , you can?t choose the storage medium on the 50d and you are stuck with cf cards .
the live view is a bit clumsy to use , you need to turn on live view mode with the live view shooting button and then press the af - on button to focus .
there are three modes of focusing in live view mode : live mode , quick mode and face detection ( upto 35 faces ) .
focusing under live mode takes about 1 second , which is pretty long compared to the snappy focus speed under normal mode .
with the ef - s 60/2 .8 , the eos50d makes a lightweight , compact macro kit that takes very sharp pictures .
the new 3 ?
tft display has 920,000 pixels and 160 degree viewing angle , making it very ideal for live view and picture preview .
images are sharp , clear with accurate color on the new display .
the new and old connectors at a glance : the pc sync flash terminal , video out , standard usb 2.0 port and wired remote control connectors are still there .
hdmi port can also be found for exporting your masterpiece photo collection to your hdtv at home .
here are the test pics taken with the new canon ef - s 60 mm f / 2.8 macro usm lens , detailed commentary can be found on the lens review page .
the eos 50d fits squarely in the high - end sector .
the excellent sensor found in the 50d demonstrates canon?s prowess of keeping noise level down while increasing pixel count .
canon added some high - end features such as light fall - off correction and auto - focus correction for lens .
these features allow you to fine - tune the lens to achieve the best results and are absolutely necessary for a camera with ?
that ?
many pixels .
