sony cyber-shot dsc-h1 digital camera first thoughts .
after almost a decade of rampant growth and cut-throat competition the digital camera market has grown-up .
five years ago a 3 megapixel digicam -lrb- from a major manufacturer -rrb- with a 1.5 inch lcd screen and a 3x zoom -lrb- like the very popular olympus c3000 -rrb- sold for about five hundred dollars .
consumers demanded that shutter lag be shortened , battery life be extended , resolution increased , features multiplied exponentially , and that prices drop with each new generation of digicams .
camera makers complied and today 's shoppers get a lot more for their digicam dollars than they did five years ago .
-lsb- larger -rsb- the sony cybershot dsc-h1 is a perfect example of that consumer driven product evolution .
the h1 's 5.1 megapixel resolution , 2.5 inch lcd screen , and super steady shot -lrb- image stabilized -rrb- 12x optical zoom provide photographers with an incredible increase in performance , flexibility , and creative potential when compared to the olympus c3000 -- and the h1 costs about a hundred bucks less than consumers shelled out for the c3000 in 2001 !
is the h1 the best choice for you ?
competitors -lrb- the canon s2-is , the konica minolta z5 , the kodak p850 , and the panasonic fz5 -rrb- in the very popular 5 megapixel monster zoom prosumer digicam class are remarkably well matched , so the final choice may come down to how important video capture is , whether you prefer a tilt swivel lcd screen over a fixed lcd screen , or simply subjective camera `` feel '' .
-lsb- larger -rsb- the h1 is a bit slower than its competitors , the menu system is neither intuitive nor logical , the user 's manual is remarkably poor , and the 12x zoom consistently overshoots the subject -lrb- at the telephoto end of the range -rrb- before it manages to lock focus .
at the camera 's default settings contrast is a bit high and images seem a little over-sharpened .
the h1 is more than fast enough to capture sports -lrb- see skateboarder image -rrb- and image noise is very well controlled , even at iso 400 although chroma noise -lrb- blotching -rrb- is a bit higher than average .
colors are hue accurate and vivid but not over-saturated and chromatic aberration is present , but very well controlled .
check back here in a week or so for the complete review of the sony cybershot dsc h1 .
-lsb- larger -rsb- -lsb- larger -rsb-
