<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>Sony Cyber-shot DSC-T9 Digital Camera Announced</Title>
		<Username>Ben Stafford</Username>
		<Datetime>11-01-2005, 07:00 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>Sony has announced the Cyber-shot DSC-T9, the latest in their T series of ultra-slim digital cameras. This camera shoots 6 megapixels and has a 2.5 inch LCD. The non-protruding lens has a 3x optical zoom and, new with this camera, optical image stabilization. This is the first camera to use a lens shift stabilization system in the "folded-path" lens. The T9 will be available in January for around $450 from Sony at www.sonystyle.com, at Sony Style retail stores and authorized dealers. Press Release: SAN DIEGO, Nov. 1, 2005 Sony is stepping up the picture quality of ultra-slim digital still cameras with the introduction of its new Cyber-shot DSC-T9 model, the first in this category to offer both Super Steady Shot optical image stabilization and high light sensitivity. With these Sony technologies, the new six-megapixel DSC-T9 delivers more detailed images with significantly less blur and graininess than typical point-and-shoot cameras. Optical image stabilization reduces image blur from hand movement, while high light sensitivity helps to lessen blurriness resulting from low-light conditions. The end effect is better-focused, expressive images that look more like the way you see them, imitating the human eye. "Our T Series set the standard for slim, stylish, point-and-shoot cameras with fine image quality," said James Neal, director of digital imaging products at Sony Electronics. "Now the use of this category of cameras is pervasive. With the DSC-T9, we are taking this category a step further by incorporating advanced imaging technologies that ensure that you get the shot, even in unfavorable light conditions, like nightclubs and restaurants." Get a Clear Shot Sony is the first manufacturer to incorporate an advanced lens-shift optical image stabilizer into a camera with a folded-path lens system. This is what allows for a compact form; the lens does not have to extend from the body of the camera. The model is equipped with a newly-developed lens-shift system with two gyro-sensors that detects hand movement, and automatically calculates the compensation needed to provide a clear, crisp image. The new model's high light sensitivity (up to IS0 640) allows you to capture clearer pictures in available light, giving you the option to not use a flash, which sometimes creates unwanted glare or harsh highlights. As a result, images have greater atmosphere and more detail, even when reflective surfaces like glass and mirrors are in the pictures. Enhanced Photo Sharing Brings Your Photos to Life With a slim body less than one-inch wide, this compact powerhouse not only takes great pictures but also brings them to life with Sony's new Clear Photo Plus LCD screen and slide show function. The 2.5-inch LCD features astonishing vividness and greatly improved color reproduction compared to previous models. It is the perfect screen to show off your pictures as a slide show, which the camera creates for you -- without having to use a PC. You can select up to four themes, such as "Stylish" or "Active," to play back your images, complete with dynamic transitions choreographed to your choice of music clips. Depending on your PC configuration, you can also upload your own music with the supplied software. Big Features, Small Body The DSC-T9 camera offers mega resolution at six megapixels for high-quality images, a 3x Carl Zeiss Vario-Tessar optical zoom lens, MPEG movie recording, and 58 MB of internal memory for storage and easy transfer to an optional Memory Stick Duo or Memory Stick PRO Duo media card, now available in capacities up to two gigabytes. As with other T-series cameras, you simply slide the lens cover down and the camera is ready to capture images in seconds. Despite the power consumption of the optical image stabilizer, Sony's Real Imaging Processor power management system helps this model to achieve exceptional battery life, up to 240 shots per charge. More For Your Memories With the DSC-T9's slide show feature, sharing your photos right on the camera's LCD is more enjoyable. You can even connect directly to your television with supplied cables. However, if prints are what you want, then you can connect the model to a Sony DPP-FP50 digital photo printer and print from the convenience of your own home. Don't think that you're limited to basic prints with this camera; you can even create postcards or calendars using the printer's supplied software. Perhaps you need to print tens or even hundreds of pictures, or want to share funny video clips, then there is the option of using Sony's online photo service. At www.imagestation.com, you can create your own online photo and video albums, order prints, or make customized gifts from coffee mugs and photo books to calendars and T-shirts. The Cyber-shot DSC-T9 camera will be available in January for about $450 online at SonyStyle.com, at Sony Style retail stores (www.sonystyle.com/retail) and at authorized dealers nationwide. Pre-orders begin on Nov. 1 at www.sony.com/T9. The camera is supplied with an InfoLithium battery, battery charger, multi-connector cable, wrist strap and software CD-ROM. Optional accessories include the Cyber-shot Station cradle for about $80, a sports pack for about $100, and leather carrying case for about $40.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
