<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>Powershot G9 impressions</Title>
		<Username>E.B.E.</Username>
		<Datetime>12-01-2007, 07:13 PM</Datetime>
		<Content>Hi, I had this camera for about a week now, so I'd thought I'd share some first impressions. The full review is available, so I don't aim to make this any kind of review Image quality is quite good, although the effect of noise is visible. This is to be expected because 12 million pixels are thrown together on an area about 1 square centimeter in size. At ISO80, the graininess due to noise is only visible at pixel-level zoom on certain even color surfaces such as deep blue sky. The performance is similar up until ISO 200. At ISO 400, the noise already becomes quite noticeable, although it won't be too disturbing in a 4x6in print nor perhaps in fullscreen view. ISO 800 and beyond are not to be used for any quality shot. My older Canon Powershot A95 is better at handling noise: there is no hint of graininess on the image at normal ISO settings, no matter how hard you look and how the colors are. Also, it handles low-light conditions better. The reason for these advantages: 5MP instead of 12, on an only slightly smaller sensor area. The effect diminishes very slightly as the resolution is decreased; the good news is that at 5MP the image at ISO80 is of the same quality as my A95; so at least I didn't take a step down in image quality Other than noise which is the main concern, color fringing is visible at pixel level zoom in some situations. Nothing to be concerned about. Soft corners and vignetting are present, but are minimal (at most 3-4% of the total image area is affected, and that is only visible in very special conditions). By the way, there's no visible vignetting or softness in my A95. The interface is very well-designed, you can do almost anything you want with a shot using just one or two button pushes (although the buttons are sometimes difficult to reach, especially if you want to do things one-handed). What I like best is the semi-professional features this camera offers. Just a few examples: - auto exposure bracketing and auto focus bracketing (taking 3 pictures in a row, one with chosen focus, one with focus nearer, one with focus farther; the steps can be adjusted; this virtually ensures that at least one image is usable, in difficult focusing conditions) - safety digital zoom which uses only a portion of the sensor when the image is downsampled, and therefore avoids loss of image quality even when digital zoom is used, this can enable for instance up to 9.4 zoom at 5 megapixels (the lens does 6x of that) - safety manual focus which adjusts the manual focus slightly to ensure better focus of the image, - exposure lock which allows, given the auto-selected exposure, selecting the aperture / shutter speed combination that suits you best - 1st curtain / 2nd curtain / slow flash sync, useful to take nice night shots and many others. And, of course, there's the looks. All-black and business-like, a bit squarish and retro, reminds of some older analog photo cameras Nothing shiny or silvery, no stickers. The camera is also built like a tank. Another main thing that I like is the compactness of this camera. It's basically as big as my A95 with so much more to offer. I could even use my old carrying case (saving 30EUR in the process). A downside is that the battery doesn't last too much. You need to buy at least one extra batt for any serious shooting (like a half-day trip, for instance). Oh by the way the camera is very fast for a point and shoot. So, in brief, scores out of 10 points: Image quality: 8 Looks & build: 10 Features and usability: 9.5 Battery life: 6 Speed: 9 Hoping this helps some prospective buyers, E.B.E.</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
