<Thread>
	<Post id="0" class="0">
		<Title>Digital Camera News: unplug to save energy, keep your camera close, camera jails pervert</Title>
		<Username>Brian</Username>
		<Datetime>11-24-2005, 07:00 AM</Datetime>
		<Content>Unplug Power Adapters to Save Energy We all have several, or perhaps dozens, of consumer electronic devices. Notebooks, cameras, PDAs, cell phones and other gizmos that need to be re-charged. Of course our electronics draw energy while they charge, that's the point really. But what a lot of people don't know is the AC adapters also draw a charge even when the device is fully charged or in some cases not even plugged in. So, do the world a little good and unplug lesser used adapters. TVs aren't the only energy-chugging gadgets in the home. Anything that comes with an external power source, such as an adapter or charger, can also bloat energy bills. With the proliferation of cell phones, laptops, handheld computers, digital cameras and digital music players, every person in the U.S. has an average of five external power adapters, the EPA said. The problem is that most adapters are incredibly inefficient, with many current models utilizing only 30 to 60 percent of the electricity they process, according to the EPA. In addition, adapters will continue to consume a steady trickle of energy even when they're not in use--a problem that plagues many home electronics. "It's wasting electricity the whole time it's plugged in," Ambarian said. TCMNet has more. Chinese Official Has Notebook and Digital Camera Stolen We hear about stolen notebooks all the time, in fact one "turned up" last week with details about Iran's nuclear plans. It obviously happens with cameras too, so this is just a friendly reminder to keep an eye on your belongings, especially when travelling. It's easy to swipe and sell a digital camera; eBay's made a great conduit for such crimes. NEW DELHI: Chinese visitors got a taste of city's hospitality when a bag of top air force official was allegedly stolen from a five-star hotel in New Delhi area. In a report given to a city court, the Delhi Police said investigations in the case were still pending and they were yet to recover the official's $ 5000, laptop and digital camera. Chinese air force official, Yang, was busy taking pictures of his delegates at Maurya hotel's lobby and had kept his bag containing the valuables on a couch on Sunday. The impromptu photo session ended on a sour note when Yang's bag could not be traced. Full Story... Digital Camera Lands Child Porn Suspect in Jail One of those, thank goodness for technology times. Some sick individual took his camera into a Best Buy near Boston to get help deleting images off his camera. When the store employees saw what he had, they immediately called police, who ended up catching the pervert. Quick-thinking employees at a Braintree Best Buy stunned by a customer's graphic photos stalled the suspect while flagging police. The customer, police say, turned to Best Buy for help in deleting the alleged child pornography from his digital camera. The employees distracted the suspect while police making a drug bust in the parking lot were alerted. Police quickly arrived to interview store employees. Detectives learned that a man, later identified as Larry E. Laube, 59, of Braintree, had just run out of the store toward the back of the building. Police cornered the suspect after watching his friend attempt to pick him up in a car. Full Story...</Content>
	</Post>
</Thread>
