fs : lnib unlocked telus motorola milestone black -lrb- nam -rrb- $ 600cdn obo .
* pics included * .
item : unlocked telus motorola milestone black price -lrb- and currency -rrb- : $ 600cdn or best offer condition : used but lnib - 9.5 / 10 accessories included : * motorola milestone phone * li-ion battery -lrb- installed in the phone -rrb- * usb cable * ac adapter * stereo headset * 16gb memory card * original telus motorola milestone box additional details : this item is a used but lnib telus motorola milestone world phone .
it was purchased on february 17th at the telus store at bayview village .
it is the north american version -lrb- nam -rrb- with us 3g .
it is fully unlocked & partially rooted -lrb- it is running the brazilian firmware 2.0.1 .
it can run apps that require root access , however , the bootloader is still locked so you can do everything except for overclocking and installing custom roms -rrb- .
it supports 3g + gsm on fido , rogers and at&t wireless , and gsm only on t-mobile .
it also works on telus and bell 's new hspa network .
it can be used on any 850/1900/2100 3g/hspa network , as well as any gsm network in the world .
as you can see by the pictures , this phone is in pristine condition and has no visible dents , dings or scratches .
it has been protected with a high quality anti-glare screen protector ever since day one .
location : gta -lrb- bayview & sheppard area -rrb- notes : my asking price is $ 600cdn or best offer .
this phone is being offered on a first-come , first-served basis .
if you act quickly , you 'll end up getting this phone at a great price .
my contact information and paypal email address -lrb- if applicable -rrb- will be provided to the winning buyer .
i prefer local pickups in the gta , and can arrange to meet the buyer at the bayview village shopping centre at a mutually agreed upon date & time .
i 'm also willing to ship this item -lrb- via ups express saver -rrb- to anywhere in canada and the continental united states .
shipping quotes will vary based on your location .
if you 'd like a shipping quote , please send me your postal/zip code .
in order to qualify for shipping , you must have good feedback on hofo , a verified paypal account and a paypal confirmed address .
the item will be shipped out to your paypal confirmed address after full payment is received and the paypal funds have cleared to my account .
i usually ship my items the same business day , provided that i receive a cleared paypal payment before 2pm -lrb- eastern daylight time -rrb- .
in the rare and unlikely event that i am unable to verify a paypal payment , or if the received funds have not cleared to my account within 24 hours , i reserve the right to cancel the transaction , issue a full refund , and offer this item to another qualified buyer .
for local pickups , i will only accept cash -lrb- bills in the $ 50 denomination or less -rrb- .
if i 'm shipping this item , i will only accept paypal .
no exceptions .
i reserve the right to refuse any offers and/or cancel our sale if you do not agree to the local pickup or shipping terms .
pm is key .
established hofo members with good feedback will receive priority .
low ballers will be ignored .
thank you and good luck !
