how to correctly set up `` unlimited email '' `` popular domains '' .
help , fido branded jack and using the $ 25 500mb data plan and using the ` messaging ' app that came preinstalled -lrb- also has the sms folder there -rrb- .
the past few months , the fido bill has shown data transmission of 500,000-600 ,000 kb - 500-600 mb , correct ?
just over my data plan limit .
i have not been charged anything for it yet .
i am worried that it will go over soon enough .
the bulk of my usage is email , and it just does n't make sense to me that i am using that much .
one day shows 112,000 kb .
i have now deleted my 2 rogers email accounts off of the phone .
i will see if it still gets charges over the next few days .
now , the data plan is supposed to have this : `` get unlimited e-mail with most popular domains on a fido windows mobile device . ''
can anyone point me to the fine print terms of service for this ?
all i can find is the list of domains .
my last phone was the hiptop so my work emails would be an issue now with the jack , however , i just figured i 'd forward them to my @rogers email account instead and use that on the jack .
should be okay ?
last month when i saw the numbers , i called and asked whether it made a difference if the rogers accounts were set up as pop -lrb- i configure it manually -rrb- or imap -lrb- when you let the phone configure it automatically -rrb- .
i was told either way is fine , they would be covered under that `` unlimited popular '' .
this month i called again because the numbers do n't make sense .
i may have looked up a google map or browsed a graphic intensive webpage or two that could account for higher usage days .
i 've made sure gps is off .
but i am not convinced that my email is free .
if i am not away from my desk , there 'd be a few days in a row where i do n't use the phone .
it only in theory continues to get the email , and after a few days , i delete them off since i 've read them on computer .
at least 95 % are plain text messages .
same ones i receive on my computer , most are 5-7kb .
even at 10 messages/day with a generous 10kb each , that 's not 500 mb in a month .
using the calculator on fido.ca shows i could be browsing , downloading , mailing with pics , much more than that for 500mb .
hubby has an iphone used at least twice weekly to view youtube , and he 's only using 200mb .
i just called again thinking i 'll make sure the imei is not still reg 'd to the previous owner .
maybe his usage is somehow registering to me .
imei only comes out to my name , and tech says usage is measured by sim not imei anyway .
i 've not used gps since summer .
say higher days were browsing or something .
a usual small day is 5000-6000 kb .
ther 's no way 8-10 text messages account for 5mb .
plus rogers email is supposed to not count !?! here 's a pearl for you - tech today tells me the email has to come from one of those domains to qualify .
i rephrased and asked if that meant the sender has to use one of those domains , she said yes !
this is insane .
i 'm going to test and see if i forward from work to one rogers account , then have that rogers account sent to a second rogers account , then retrieve from there , will that finally meet the fine print ?
could there be anything else going on ?
come to think of it , i did download to my computer a windows hotfix to fix outgoing email last month , and used bluetooth to transfer that .
cab from computer to the phone .
does bt transfer count as data ?
that may account for that one day .
i have bt disabled and hidden except when am actually using it .
i am a very light user , 500 mb should be more than plenty in my mind for a dozen email messages and an occasional browse to a website .
1-2 text msg , no ringtones , no apps downloaded , etc. .
