fs/ft : iphone 3g 16gb white rogers 3.1.2 & iphone 3gs 32gb white fido 3.1.2 .
so my family decided that we are going to upgrade phones now , therefore i have these phones for sale .
iphone 3g 16gb white locked to rogers firmware 3.1.2 can be jailbreak & unlocked with blackra1n and is not tethered .
condition 9/10 minimal scratches & mirror protector applied unit was replaced before the warranty ended .
comes with unused headphones , usb cable and ac charger .
comes with a 3gs 16gb black box , because my sister upgraded to the 3gs and threw out the old 3g box .
extra accessories included is two hard cases one dark bright pink & one yellow .
this picture represents how good/bad the phone was kept in .
like i said , this phone has scratches .
when buying an iphone , you can see if it was badly abuse by checking the apple logo .
* has other sellers provide this picture for you ?
as a good seller , i do my best to show all the hidden things that others will hide .
extra cases : more pictures are available .
price i 'm looking for is $ 460 or best offer .
will consider trades .
iphone 3gs 32gb white condition 10/10 locked to fido .
firmware 3.1.2 can be unlocked with blackra1n and is tethered .
-lrb- i personally was the only one that used this phone , which explains for the excellent condition because that is how i like to keep my phone , always brand new -rrb- matte protector applied -lrb- this costed $ 10 per piece -rrb- warranty until january 2011 .
comes with headphones , unused usb cable , and ac charger .
comes with original 3gs 32gb white box , serial numbers do match .
extra accessories included is two hard cases and one flexishield gel case .
pictures to be taken & uploaded .
price : $ 700 or best offer .
will consider trades .
no comments on this thread , or i will report your post to be removed .
got questions !?
ask !
: cheesygri will answer your questions , every single one of it , as i do not want to waste time .
i 've had many happy buyers as they got the item that was described , theres no bs when dealing with me .
see feedbacks !
pm please !
