advice - do n't order evo sight unseen , try it out at a store first .
anyone thinking of ordering the evo 4g without having seen nor tried it out , please take my advice and find one to try first .
not trying to be negative or anything , but i just got back from a sprint store , where i was about number 10 in line , guaranteed 2 phones , one for me and one for my wife , and i left the store without either because i was just not sold on it .
coming from an htc hero , here is my take on the evo : - it is huge .
no it is not just a little bit bigger than the iphone , it is huge .
i like to carry my phone in my shirt pocket and it 's big enough to present a problem here .
- in line , the sprint reps handed out little cards with info on how to make the battery last a full day -lrb- oh my -rrb- .
- at one time i used the droid and had major problems with the fact that it has a button on top which you must click to get the screen to come back on after being asleep , and then swipe the onscreen unlock once you did that to actually use the phone .
i hated this feature -lrb- the hero has a button on the bottom so you can practically do both actions without having to change your hold on the phone ... still inconvenient but better than the droid system -rrb- .
well the evo works the same way as the droid .
and since it 's bigger than the droid -lrb- considerably -rrb- it 's more of a pain in the butt to have to do this every single time you want to bring the phone out of sleep .
- the evo uses -lrb- what do you call them ? -rrb-
non mechanical buttons on the bottom of the phone -lrb- again much like the droid -rrb- instead of actual mechanical buttons like on the hero .
well these do not always respond to the touch ... the mechanical ones do .
another pain in the butt .
- although there is no 4g in my area yet -lrb- la -rrb- and i may have to wait for 4g for a real good appraisal to be fair , the brower experience was nothing stellar and really no better than what i get on the hero using the dolphin browser .
- call quality while nothing to really complain about was not great and as a matter of fact i felt that the hero here too sounded better .
with all these issues , i felt that paying an additional $ 30/month for a hotspot and another $ 10 a month for 4g -lrb- which i may not even have for a year or so -rrb- just made this phone a whole lot less attractive than it seemed yesterday .
frankly , the hero is about the best overall phone i have ever owned -lrb- and believe me , i have owned quite a few -rrb- and i did not feel that the evo was any better and maybe not even as good .
very disappointing to say the least !
while i use the hero , i still think the iphone is about as good as it gets -lrb- it 's just that at&t literally sucks and that 's why i do n't own one -rrb- .
i do not think that after what i saw this morning that the evo can hold a candle to it .
so again , please . .
i know lots of people get caught up in all the hype surrounding new gadgets and feel that need to have to own them .
take a look at this one first , i honestly do n't think it comes close to all the hype over it .
